to make a return under subsection (a) shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return by reason of subsection (b)(8) (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may prescribe) a written statement showing— “(1) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person required to make such return, and “(2) the information required to be shown on such return by reason of subsection (b)(8) with respect to the person whose name is required to be so set forth. “(d) Definitions.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Any term used in this section which is also used in subchapter Z of chapter 1 shall have the meaning given such term under such subchapter. “(2) FULL-TIME EQUIVALENT EMPLOYEES.—The term ‘full-time equivalent employees’ means, with respect to any month, the sum of— “(A) the number of full-time employees (as defined in section 4980H(c)(4)) for the month, plus “(B) the number of employees determined (under rules similar to the rules of section 4980H(c)(2)(E)) by dividing the aggregate number of hours of service of employees who are not full-time employees for the month by 120. “(e) Application to qualified rural opportunity funds.—Every qualified rural opportunity fund (as defined in section 1400Z–2(b)(2)(C)) shall file the annual return required under subsection (a), and the statements required under subsection (c), applied— “(1) by substituting ‘qualified rural opportunity’ for ‘qualified opportunity’ each place it appears, “(2) by substituting ‘section 1400Z–2(b)(2)(C)’ for ‘section 1400Z–2(d)(1)’ each place it appears, and “(3) by treating any reference (after the application of paragraph (1)) to qualified rural opportunity zone stock, a qualified rural opportunity zone partnership interest, a qualified rural opportunity zone business, or qualified opportunity zone business property as stock, an interest, a business, or property, respectively, described in subclause (I) or (II), as the case may be, of section 1400Z–2(b)(2)(C)(i). “SEC. 6039L. Information required from qualified opportunity zone businesses and qualified rural opportunity zone businesses. “(a) In general.—Every applicable qualified opportunity zone business shall furnish to the qualified opportunity fund described in subsection (b) a written statement at such time, in such manner, and setting forth such information as the Secretary may by regulations prescribe for purposes of enabling such qualified opportunity fund to meet the requirements of section 6039K(b)(5). “(b) Applicable qualified opportunity zone business.—For purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘applicable qualified opportunity zone business’ means any qualified opportunity zone business— “(1) which is a trade or business of a qualified opportunity fund, “(2) in which a qualified opportunity fund holds qualified opportunity zone stock, or “(3) in which a qualified opportunity fund holds a qualified opportunity zone partnership interest. “(c) Other terms.—Any term used in this section which is also used in subchapter Z of chapter 1 shall have the meaning given such term under such subchapter. “(d) Application to qualified rural opportunity businesses.—Every applicable qualified rural opportunity zone business (as defined in subsection (b) determined after application of the substitutions described in this sentence) shall furnish the written statement required under subsection (a), applied— “(1) by substituting ‘qualified rural opportunity’ for ‘qualified opportunity’ each place it appears, and “(2) by treating any reference (after the application of paragraph (1)) to qualified rural opportunity zone stock, a qualified rural opportunity zone partnership interest, or a qualified rural opportunity zone business as stock, an interest, or a business, respectively, described in subclause (I) or (II), as the case may be, of section 1400Z–2(b)(2)(C)(i).”. (2) PENALTIES.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Part II of subchapter B of chapter 68 is amended by inserting after section 6725 the following new section: “SEC. 6726. Failure to comply with information reporting requirements relating to qualified opportunity funds and qualified rural opportunity funds. “(a) In general.—If any person required to file a return under section 6039K fails to file a complete and correct return under such section in the time and in the manner prescribed therefor, such person shall pay a penalty of $500 for each day during which such failure continues. “(b) Limitation.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The maximum penalty under this section on failures with respect to any 1 return shall not exceed $10,000. “(2) LARGE QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUNDS.—In the case of any failure described in subsection (a) with respect to a fund the gross assets of which (determined on the last day of the taxable year) are in excess of $10,000,000, paragraph (1) shall be applied by substituting ‘$50,000’ for ‘$10,000’. “(c) Penalty in cases of intentional disregard.—If a failure described in 