e collections. SEC. 100052. Appropriation for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $29,850,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2029, for the following purposes: (1) HIRING AND TRAINING.—Hiring and training additional U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel, including officers, agents, investigators, and support staff, to carry out immigration enforcement activities and prioritizing and streamlining the hiring of retired U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel. (2) PERFORMANCE, RETENTION, AND SIGNING BONUSES.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Providing performance, retention, and signing bonuses for qualified U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel in accordance with this subsection. (B) PERFORMANCE BONUSES.—The Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, at the Director’s discretion, may provide performance bonuses to any U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent, officer, or attorney who demonstrates exemplary service. (C) RETENTION BONUSES.—The Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement may provide retention bonuses to any U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent, officer, or attorney who commits to 2 years of additional service with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to carry out immigration enforcement activities. (D) SIGNING BONUSES.—The Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement may provide a signing bonus to any U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent, officer, or attorney who— (i) is hired on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (ii) who commits to 5 years of service with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to carry out immigration enforcement activities. (E) SERVICE AGREEMENT.—In providing a retention or signing bonus under this paragraph, the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall provide each qualifying individual with a written service agreement that includes— (i) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provisions for the determination of such dates); (ii) the amount of the bonus; and (iii) any other term or condition under which the bonus is payable, subject to the requirements of this paragraph, including— (I) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been completed; and (II) the effect of a termination described in subclause (I). (3) RECRUITMENT, HIRING, AND ONBOARDING.—Facilitating the recruitment, hiring, and onboarding of additional U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel to carry out immigration enforcement activities, including by— (A) investing in information technology, recruitment, and marketing; and (B) hiring staff necessary to carry out information technology, recruitment, and marketing activities. (4) TRANSPORTATION.—Funding for transportation costs and related costs associated with alien departure or removal operations. (5) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY.—Funding for information technology investments to support enforcement and removal operations, including improvements to fee collections. (6) FACILITY UPGRADES.—Funding for facility upgrades to support enforcement and removal operations. (7) FLEET MODERNIZATION.—Funding for fleet modernization to support enforcement and removal operations. (8) FAMILY UNITY.—Promoting family unity by— (A) maintaining the care and custody, during the period in which a charge described in clause (i) is pending, in accordance with applicable laws, of an alien who— (i) is charged only with a misdemeanor offense under section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325(a)); and (ii) entered the United States with the alien’s child who has not attained 18 years of age; and (B) detaining such an alien with the alien’s child. (9) 287(g) AGREEMENTS.—Expanding, facilitating, and implementing agreements under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)). (10) VICTIMS OF IMMIGRATION CRIME ENGAGEMENT OFFICE.—Hiring and training additional staff to carry out the mission of the Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement Office and for providing nonfinancial assistance to the victims of crimes perpetrated by aliens who are present in the United States without authorization. (11) OFFICE OF THE PRINCIPAL LEGAL ADVISOR.—Hiring additional attorneys and the necessary support staff within the Office of the Principal Legal Advisor to represent the Department of Homeland Security in immigration enforcement and removal proceedings. SEC. 100053. Appropriation for Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. (a) Appropriation.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security for the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for fisca