is amended by adding at the end the following: “SUBCHAPTER V—COAST GUARD MISSION READINESS“1181. Special appropriations.”. SEC. 40002. Spectrum auctions. (a) Definitions.—In this section: (1) ASSISTANT SECRETARY.—The term “Assistant Secretary” means the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information. (2) COMMISSION.—The term “Commission” means the Federal Communications Commission. (3) COVERED BAND.—The term “covered band”— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means the band of frequencies between 1.3 gigahertz and 10.5 gigahertz; and (B) does not include— (i) the band of frequencies between 3.1 gigahertz and 3.45 gigahertz for purposes of auction, reallocation, modification, or withdrawal; or (ii) the band of frequencies between 7.4 gigahertz and 8.4 gigahertz for purposes of auction, reallocation, modification, or withdrawal. (4) FULL-POWER COMMERCIAL LICENSED USE CASES.—The term “full-power commercial licensed use cases” means flexible use wireless broadband services with base station power levels sufficient for high-power, high-density, and wide-area commercial mobile services, consistent with the service rules under part 27 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulations, for wireless broadband deployments throughout the covered band. (b) General auction authority.— (1) AMENDMENT.—Section 309(j)(11) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)(11)) is amended by striking “grant a license or permit under this subsection shall expire March 9, 2023” and all that follows and inserting the following: "complete a system of competitive bidding under this subsection shall expire September 30, 2034, except that, with respect to the electromagnetic spectrum— “(A) between the frequencies of 3.1 gigahertz and 3.45 gigahertz, such authority shall not apply; and “(B) between the frequencies of 7.4 gigahertz and 8.4 gigahertz, such authority shall not apply.”. (2) SPECTRUM AUCTIONS.—The Commission shall grant licenses through systems of competitive bidding, before the expiration of the general auction authority of the Commission under section 309(j)(11) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)(11)), as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, for not less than 300 megahertz, including by completing a system of competitive bidding not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act for not less than 100 megahertz in the band between 3.98 gigahertz and 4.2 gigahertz. (c) Identification for reallocation.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The Assistant Secretary, in consultation with the Commission, shall identify 500 megahertz of frequencies in the covered band for reallocation to non-Federal use, shared Federal and non-Federal use, or a combination thereof, for full-power commercial licensed use cases, that— (A) as of the date of enactment of this Act, are allocated for Federal use; and (B) shall be in addition to the 300 megahertz of frequencies for which the Commission grants licenses under subsection (b)(2). (2) SCHEDULE.—The Assistant Secretary shall identify the frequencies under paragraph (1) according to the following schedule: (A) Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall identify not less than 200 megahertz of frequencies within the covered band. (B) Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall identify any remaining bandwidth required to be identified under paragraph (1). (3) REQUIRED ANALYSIS.— (A) IN GENERAL.—In determining under paragraph (1) which specific frequencies within the covered band to reallocate, the Assistant Secretary shall determine the feasibility of the reallocation of frequencies. (B) REQUIREMENTS.—In conducting the analysis under subparagraph (A), the Assistant Secretary shall assess net revenue potential, relocation or sharing costs, as applicable, and the feasibility of reallocating specific frequencies, with the goal of identifying the best approach to maximize net proceeds of systems of competitive bidding for the Treasury, consistent with section 309(j) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)). (d) Auctions.—The Commission shall grant licenses for the frequencies identified for reallocation under subsection (c) through systems of competitive bidding in accordance with the following schedule: (1) Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall, after notifying the Assistant Secretary, complete 1 or more systems of competitive bidding for not less than 200 megahertz of the frequencies. (2) Not later than 8 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall, after notifying the Assistant Secretary, complete 1 or more systems of competitive bidding for any frequencies identified under subsection (c) that remain to be auctioned after compliance with paragraph (1) of this subsection. (e) Limitation.—The President shall modify or withdraw any frequency proposed 