plans.— (1) REPEAL.—Subsection (e) of section 455 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(e)) is repealed. (2) FURTHER AMENDMENTS TO ELIMINATE INCOME CONTINGENT REPAYMENT.— (A) Section 428 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078) is amended— (i) in subsection (b)(1)(D), by striking “be subject to income contingent repayment in accordance with subsection (m)” and inserting “be subject to income-based repayment in accordance with subsection (m)”; and (ii) in subsection (m)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking “Income Contingent and”; (II) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: “(1) AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY TO REQUIRE.—The Secretary may require borrowers who have defaulted on loans made under this part that are assigned to the Secretary under subsection (c)(8) to repay those loans pursuant to an income-based repayment plan under section 493C.”; and (III) in the heading of paragraph (2), by striking “income contingent or”. (B) Section 428C of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078–3) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(3)(B)(i)(V)(aa), by striking “for the purposes of obtaining income contingent repayment or income-based repayment” and inserting “for the purposes of qualifying for an income-based repayment plan under section 455(q) or section 493C, as applicable”; (ii) in subsection (b)(5), by striking “be repaid either pursuant to income contingent repayment under part D of this title, pursuant to income-based repayment under section 493C, or pursuant to any other repayment provision under this section” and inserting “be repaid pursuant to an income-based repayment plan under section 493C or any other repayment provision under this section”; and (iii) in subsection (c)— (I) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking “or by the terms of repayment pursuant to income contingent repayment offered by the Secretary under subsection (b)(5)” and inserting “or by the terms of repayment pursuant to an income-based repayment plan under section 493C”; and (II) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking “except as required by the terms of repayment pursuant to income contingent repayment offered by the Secretary under subsection (b)(5)” and inserting “except as required by the terms of repayment pursuant to an income-based repayment plan under section 493C”. (C) Section 485(d)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092(d)(1)) is amended by striking “income-contingent and”. (D) Section 494(a)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1098h(a)(2)) is amended— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking “Income-contingent and income-based” and inserting “Income-based”; and (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking “income-contingent or”; and (II) in clause (ii)(I), by striking “section 455(e)(8) or the equivalent procedures established under section 493C(c)(2)(B), as applicable” and inserting “section 493C(c)(2)”. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on July 1, 2028. (d) Repayment assistance plan.—Section 455 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: “(q) Repayment assistance plan.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, beginning on July 1, 2026, the Secretary shall carry out an income-based repayment plan (to be known as the ‘Repayment Assistance Plan’), that shall have the following terms and conditions: “(A) The total monthly repayment amount owed by a borrower for all of the loans of the borrower that are repaid pursuant to the Repayment Assistance Plan shall be equal to the applicable monthly payment of a borrower calculated under paragraph (4)(B), except that the borrower may not be precluded from repaying an amount that exceeds such amount for any month. “(B) The Secretary shall apply the borrower’s applicable monthly payment under this paragraph first toward interest due on each such loan, next toward any fees due on each loan, and then toward the principal of each loan. “(C) Any principal due and not paid under subparagraph (B) or paragraph (2)(B) shall be deferred. “(D) A borrower who is not in a period of deferment or forbearance shall make an applicable monthly payment for each month until the earlier of— “(i) the date on which the outstanding balance of principal and interest due on all of the loans of the borrower that are repaid pursuant to the Repayment Assistance Plan is $0; or “(ii) the date on which the borrower has made 360 qualifying monthly payments. “(E) The Secretary shall cancel any outstanding balance of principal and interest due on a loan made under this part to a borrower— “(i) who, for any period of time, participated in the Repayment Assistance Plan under this subsection; “(ii) whose most recent payment for such loan prior to the loan cancellation under this subparagraph was made under such Repayment Assistance Plan; and “(iii) who has made 360 qualifying monthly payments on suc