ortized amount with respect to such expenditures ratably over the 2-taxable year period beginning with the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2024. (B) CHANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING.—In the case of a taxpayer who makes an election under this paragraph— (i) such taxpayer shall be treated as initiating a change in method of accounting for purposes of section 481 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to the expenditures to which the election applies, (ii) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and (iii) such change shall be applied only on a cut-off basis for such expenditures and no adjustments under section 481(a) shall be made. (C) REGULATIONS.—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall publish such guidance or regulations as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this paragraph, including regulations or guidance allowing for the deduction allowed under subparagraph (A) in the case of taxpayers with taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024, and ending before the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70303. Modification of limitation on business interest. (a) In general.—Section 163(j)(8)(A)(v) is amended by striking “in the case of taxable years beginning before January 1, 2022,”. (b) Floor plan financing applicable to certain trailers and campers.—Section 163(j)(9)(C) is amended by adding at the end the following new flush sentence:“Such term shall also include any trailer or camper which is designed to provide temporary living quarters for recreational, camping, or seasonal use and is designed to be towed by, or affixed to, a motor vehicle.”. (c) Effective date and special rule.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024. (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR SHORT TAXABLE YEARS.—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary's delegate) may prescribe such rules as are necessary or appropriate to provide for the application of the amendments made by this section in the case of any taxable year of less than 12 months that begins after December 31, 2024, and ends before the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70304. Extension and enhancement of paid family and medical leave credit. (a) In general.—Section 45S is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: “(1) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of section 38, in the case of an eligible employer, the paid family and medical leave credit is an amount equal to either of the following (as elected by such employer): “(A) The applicable percentage of the amount of wages paid to qualifying employees with respect to any period in which such employees are on family and medical leave. “(B) If such employer has an insurance policy with regards to the provision of paid family and medical leave which is in force during the taxable year, the applicable percentage of the total amount of premiums paid or incurred by such employer during such taxable year with respect to such insurance policy.”, and (B) by adding at the end the following: “(3) RATE OF PAYMENT DETERMINED WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER LEAVE IS TAKEN.—For purposes of determining the applicable percentage with respect to paragraph (1)(B), the rate of payment under the insurance policy shall be determined without regard to whether any qualifying employees were on family and medical leave during the taxable year.”, (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking “credit allowed” and inserting “wages taken into account”, (3) in subsection (c), by striking paragraphs (3) and (4) and inserting the following: “(3) AGGREGATION RULE.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), all persons which are treated as a single employer under subsections (b) and (c) of section 414 shall be treated as a single employer. “(B) EXCEPTION.— “(i) IN GENERAL.—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any person who establishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary that such person has a substantial and legitimate business reason for failing to provide a written policy described in paragraph (1) or (2). “(ii) SUBSTANTIAL AND LEGITIMATE BUSINESS REASON.—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘substantial and legitimate business reason’ shall not include the operation of a separate line of business, the rate of wages or category of jobs for employees (or any similar basis), or the application of State or local laws relating to family and medical leave, but may include the grouping of employees of a common law employer. “(4) TREATMENT OF BENEFITS MANDATED OR PAID FOR BY STATE OR LOCAL GOVERNMENTS.—For purposes of this section, any leave which is paid by a State or local government or required by State or local law— “(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), shall be taken into account in determining the amount of paid family and medical leave provided by the employer, and “(B) shall not be taken into account in determining the amount of the paid family a