e Program even though those individuals are not eligible to be so enrolled or covered. (e) Family member eligibility verification audit.— (1) IN GENERAL.—During the 3-year period beginning on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall carry out a comprehensive audit regarding members of family who are covered under an enrollment in a health benefits plan under the Program. (2) CONTENTS.—With respect to the audit carried out under paragraph (1), the Director shall review marriage certificates, birth certificates, and other appropriate documents that are necessary to determine eligibility to enroll in a health benefits plan under the Program. (f) Disenrollment or removal.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall develop a process by which any individual enrolled in, or covered under, a health benefits plan under the Program who is not eligible to be so enrolled or covered shall be disenrolled or removed from enrollment in, or coverage under, that health benefits plan. (g) Earned benefits and health care administrative services associated oversight and audit funding.—Section 8909 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: “, except that the amounts required to be set aside under subsection (b)(2) shall not be subject to the limitations that may be specified annually by Congress”; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: “(2) In fiscal year 2026, $66,000,000, to be derived from all contributions, and to remain available until the end of fiscal year 2035, for the Director of the Office to carry out subsections (c) through (f) of the FEHB Protection Act of 2025.”. SEC. 90102. Pandemic Response Accountability Committee. (a) Pandemic response accountability committee funding availability.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated for fiscal year 2026, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $88,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee to support oversight of the Coronavirus response and of funds provided in this Act or any other Act pertaining to the Coronavirus pandemic. (b) CARES Act.—Section 15010 of the CARES Act (Public Law 116–136; 134 Stat. 533) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(6)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking “or” at the end; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking “and” at the end and inserting “or”; and (C) by adding at the end the following: “(G) the Act titled ‘An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of H. Con. Res. 14’; and”; and (2) in subsection (k), by striking “2025” and inserting “2034”. SEC. 90103. Appropriation for the Office of Management and Budget. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Office of Management and Budget for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $100,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, for purposes of finding budget and accounting efficiencies in the executive branch. TITLE X—Committee on the Judiciary subtitle A—Immigration and law enforcement matters PART I—Immigration fees SEC. 100001. Applicability of the immigration laws. (a) Applicability.—The fees under this subtitle shall apply to aliens in the circumstances described in this subtitle. (b) Terms.—The terms used under this subtitle shall have the meanings given such terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (c) References to Immigration and Nationality Act.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, any reference in this subtitle to a section or other provision shall be considered to be to a section or other provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). SEC. 100002. Asylum fee. (a) In general.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General, as applicable, shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this section, by any alien who files an application for asylum under section 208 (8 U.S.C. 1158) at the time such application is filed. (b) Initial amount.—During fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this section shall be the greater of— (1) $100; or (2) such amount as the Secretary or the Attorney General, as applicable, may establish, by rule. (c) Annual adjustments for inflation.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (1) the amount of the fee required under this section for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (2) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in paragraph (1) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July