S IN WHICH LIMITATION IS EXCEEDED.— “(i) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any taxable year from which an excess is carried forward (determined without regard to this subparagraph) under any carryover rule, the applicable carryover rule shall be applied by increasing the excess determined under such applicable carryover rule for the contribution year (before the application of subparagraph (B)) by the amount attributable to the charitable contributions to which such rule applies which is not allowed as a deduction for the contribution year by reason of subsection (b)(1)(I). “(ii) CARRYOVER RULE.—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘carryover rule’ means— “(I) subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, “(II) subparagraphs (C)(ii), (D)(ii), (E)(ii), and (G)(ii) of subsection (b)(1), and “(III) the second sentence of subsection (b)(1)(B). “(iii) APPLICABLE CARRYOVER RULE.—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘applicable carryover rule’ means any carryover rule applicable to charitable contributions which were (in whole or in part) not allowed as a deduction for the contribution year by reason of subsection (b)(1)(I).”. (3) COORDINATION WITH DEDUCTION FOR NONITEMIZERS.—Section 170(p), as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting “, (b)(1)(I),” after “subsections (b)(1)(G)(ii)”. (b) Modification of limitation for cash contributions.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Clause (i) of section 170(b)(1)(G) is amended to read as follows: “(i) IN GENERAL.—For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, any contribution of cash to an organization described in subparagraph (A) shall be allowed as a deduction under subsection (a) to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions does not exceed the excess of— “(I) 60 percent of the taxpayer’s contribution base for the taxable year, over “(II) the aggregate amount of contributions taken into account under subparagraph (A) for such taxable year.”. (2) COORDINATION WITH OTHER LIMITATIONS.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Clause (iii) of section 170(b)(1)(G) is amended— (i) by striking “subparagraphs (A) and (B)” in the heading and inserting “subparagraph (A)”, and (ii) in subclause (II), by striking “, and subparagraph (B)” and all that follows through “this subparagraph”. (B) OTHER CONTRIBUTIONS.—Subparagraph (B) of section 170(b)(1) is amended— (i) by striking “to which subparagraph (A)” both places it appears and inserting “to which subparagraph (A) or (G)”, and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking “over the amount” and all that follows through “subparagraph (C)).” and inserting “over— “(I) the amount of charitable contributions allowable under subparagraph (A) (determined without regard to subparagraph (C)) and subparagraph (G), reduced by “(II) so much of the contributions taken into account under subparagraph (G) as does not exceed 10 percent of the taxpayer’s contribution base.”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70426. 1-percent floor on deduction of charitable contributions made by corporations. (a) In general.—Section 170(b)(2)(A) is amended to read as follows: “(A) IN GENERAL.—Any charitable contribution otherwise allowable (without regard to this subparagraph) as a deduction under this section for any taxable year, other than any contribution to which subparagraph (B) or (C) applies, shall be allowed only to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions— “(i) exceeds 1 percent of the taxpayer's taxable income for the taxable year, and “(ii) does not exceed 10 percent of the taxpayer's taxable income for the taxable year.”. (b) Application of carryforward.—Section 170(d)(2) is amended to read as follows: “(2) CORPORATIONS.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—Any charitable contribution taken into account under subsection (b)(2)(A) for any taxable year which is not allowed as a deduction by reason of clause (ii) thereof shall be taken into account as a charitable contribution for the succeeding taxable year, except that, for purposes of determining under this subparagraph whether such contribution is allowed in such succeeding taxable year, contributions in such succeeding taxable year (determined without regard to this paragraph) shall be taken into account under subsection (b)(2)(A) before any contribution taken into account by reason of this paragraph. “(B) 5-YEAR CARRYFORWARD.—No charitable contribution may be carried forward under subparagraph (A) to any taxable year following the fifth taxable year after the taxable year in which the charitable contribution was first taken into account. For purposes of the preceding sentence, contributions shall be treated as allowed on a first-in first-out basis. “(C) CONTRIBUTIONS DISALLOWED BY 1-PERCENT FLOOR CARRIED FORWARD ONLY FROM YEARS IN WHICH 10 PERCENT LIMITATION IS EXCEEDED.—In the case of any taxable year from which a charitable contribution is carried forward under subparagraph (A) (determined without regard this subparagraph), subparagraph (A) shall