 preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (d) Disposition of asylum fee proceeds.—During each fiscal year— (1) 50 percent of the fees received from aliens filing applications with the Attorney General— (A) shall be credited to the Executive Office for Immigration Review; and (B) may be retained and expended without further appropriation; (2) 50 percent of fees received from aliens filing applications with the Secretary of Homeland Security— (A) shall be credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; (B) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account established under section 286(m) (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)); and (C) may be retained and expended without further appropriation; and (3) any amounts received in fees required under this section that were not credited to the Executive Office for Immigration Review pursuant to paragraph (1) or to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (e) No fee waiver.—Fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100003. Employment authorization document fees. (a) Asylum applicants.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this subsection, by any alien who files an initial application for employment authorization under section 208(d)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(2)) at the time such initial employment authorization application is filed. (2) INITIAL AMOUNT.—During fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this subsection shall be the greater of— (A) $550; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (3) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this section for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (4) DISPOSITION OF EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION DOCUMENT FEES.—During each fiscal year— (A) 25 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this subsection— (i) shall be credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; (ii) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account established under section 286(m) (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)); and (iii) may be retained and expended by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services without further appropriation, provided that not less than 50 percent is used to detect and prevent immigration benefit fraud; and (B) any amounts collected pursuant to this subsection that are not credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (5) NO FEE WAIVER.—Fees required to be paid under this subsection shall not be waived or reduced. (b) Parolees.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this subsection, by any alien paroled into the United States for any initial application for employment authorization at the time such initial application is filed. Each initial employment authorization shall be valid for a period of 1 year or for the duration of the alien’s parole, whichever is shorter. (2) INITIAL AMOUNT.—During fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this subsection shall be the greater of— (A) $550; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (3) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this subsection shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (4) DISPOSITION OF PAROLEE EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION APPLICATION FEES.—All of the fees collected pursuant to this subsection shall be deposited into the gener