recognized postsecondary credential; and“(BB) provides such students with such a credential upon completion of such program; and “(IV) prepares students to pursue 1 or more certificate or degree programs at 1 or more institutions of higher education (which may include the eligible institution providing the program), including by ensuring— “(aa) that a student, upon completion of the program and enrollment in such a related certificate or degree program, will receive academic credit for the Workforce Pell program that will be accepted toward meeting such certificate or degree program requirements; and “(bb) the acceptability of such credit toward meeting such certificate or degree program requirements; and “(iv) after the Governor of such State makes the determination that the program meets the requirements under clause (iii), the Secretary determines that— “(I) the program has been offered by the eligible institution for not less than 1 year prior to the date on which the Secretary makes a determination under this clause; “(II) for each award year, the program has a verified completion rate of at least 70 percent, within 150 percent of the normal time for completion; “(III) for each award year, the program has a verified job placement rate of at least 70 percent, measured 180 days after completion; and “(IV) for each award year, the total amount of the published tuition and fees of the program for such year is an amount that does not exceed the value-added earnings of students who received Federal financial aid under this title and who completed the program 3 years prior to the award year, as such earnings are determined by calculating the difference between— “(aa) the median earnings of such students, as adjusted by the State and metropolitan area regional price parities of the Bureau of Economic Analysis based on the location of such program; and “(bb) 150 percent of the poverty line applicable to a single individual as determined under section 673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2)) for such year. “(B) In this paragraph: “(i) The term ‘eligible institution’ means an eligible institution for purposes of section 401. “(ii) The term ‘Governor’ means the chief executive of a State. “(iii) The terms ‘in-demand industry sector or occupation’, ‘recognized postsecondary credential’, and ‘State board’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act.”. (c) Effective date; applicability.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on July 1, 2026, and shall apply with respect to award year 2026–2027 and each succeeding award year. SEC. 83003. Pell shortfall. Section 401(b)(7)(A)(iii) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(b)(7)(A)(iii)) is amended by striking “$2,170,000,000” and inserting “$12,670,000,000”. SEC. 83004. Federal Pell Grant exclusion relating to other grant aid. Section 401(d) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: “(6) EXCLUSION.—Beginning on July 1, 2026, and notwithstanding this subsection or subsection (b), a student shall not be eligible for a Federal Pell Grant under subsection (b) during any period for which the student receives grant aid from non-Federal sources, including States, institutions of higher education, or private sources, in an amount that equals or exceeds the student's cost of attendance for such period.”. subtitle E—Accountability SEC. 84001. Ineligibility based on low earning outcomes. Section 454 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking “and” after the semicolon; (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following: “(6) provide assurances that, beginning July 1, 2026, the institution will comply with all requirements of subsection (c); and”; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking “and (6)” and inserting “(6), and (7)”; (3) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (4) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: “(c) Ineligibility for certain programs based on low earning outcomes.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding section 481(b), an institution of higher education subject to this subsection shall not use funds under this part for student enrollment in an educational program offered by the institution that is described in paragraph (2). “(2) LOW-EARNING OUTCOME PROGRAMS DESCRIBED.—An educational program at an institution is described in this paragraph if the program awards an undergraduate degree, graduate or professional degree, or graduate certificate, for which the median earnings (as determined by the Secretary) of the programmatic cohort of students who received funds under this title for enrollment in such program, who completed such program during the academic year that is 4 years before the year of the determination, who are not enrolled in any instituti