subsection (a) is due to intentional disregard, then— “(1) subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,500’ for ‘$500’, “(2) subsection (b)(1) shall be applied by substituting ‘$50,000’ for ‘$10,000’, and “(3) subsection (b)(2) shall be applied by substituting ‘$250,000’ for ‘$50,000’. “(d) Inflation adjustment.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any failure relating to a return required to be filed in a calendar year beginning after 2025, each of the dollar amounts in subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall be increased by an amount equal to— “(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by “(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2024’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. “(2) ROUNDING.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—If the $500 dollar amount in subsection (a) and (c)(1) or the $2,500 amount in subsection (c)(1), after being increased under paragraph (1), is not a multiple of $10, such dollar amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. “(B) ASSET THRESHOLD.—If the $10,000,000 dollar amount in subsection (b)(2), after being increased under paragraph (1), is not a multiple of $10,000, such dollar amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. “(C) OTHER DOLLAR AMOUNTS.—If any dollar amount in subsection (b) or (c) (other than any amount to which subparagraph (A) or (B) applies), after being increased under paragraph (1), is not a multiple of $1,000, such dollar amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $1,000.”. (B) INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE SENT TO OTHER TAXPAYERS.—Section 6724(d)(2), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended— (i) by striking “or” at the end of subparagraph (LL), (ii) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (MM) and inserting a comma, and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (MM) the following new subparagraphs:“(NN) section 6039K(c) (relating to disposition of qualified opportunity fund investments), or“(OO) section 6039L (relating to information required from certain qualified opportunity zone businesses and qualified rural opportunity zone businesses).”. (3) ELECTRONIC FILING.—Section 6011(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: “(8) QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUNDS AND QUALIFIED RURAL OPPORTUNITY FUNDS.—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), any return filed by a qualified opportunity fund or qualified rural opportunity fund under section 6039K shall be filed on magnetic media or other machine-readable form.”. (4) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.— (A) The table of sections for subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6039J the following new items:“Sec. 6039K. Returns with respect to qualified opportunity funds and qualified rural opportunity funds. “Sec. 6039L. Information required from qualified opportunity zone businesses and qualified rural opportunity zone businesses.”. (B) The table of sections for part II of subchapter B of chapter 68 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6725 the following new item:“Sec. 6726. Failure to comply with information reporting requirements relating to qualified opportunity funds and qualified rural opportunity funds.”. (5) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) Secretary reporting of data on opportunity zone and rural opportunity zone tax incentives.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, for necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to make the reports described in paragraph (2). (2) REPORTS.—As soon as practical after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary's delegate (referred to in this section as the “Secretary”) shall make publicly available a report on qualified opportunity funds. (3) INFORMATION INCLUDED.—The report required under paragraph (2) shall include, to the extent available, the following information: (A) The number of qualified opportunity funds. (B) The aggregate dollar amount of assets held in qualified opportunity funds. (C) The aggregate dollar amount of investments made by qualified opportunity funds in qualified opportunity fund property, stated separately for each North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code. (D) The percentage of population census tracts designated as qualified opportunity zones that have received qualified opportunity fund investments. (E) For each population census tract designated as a qualified opportunity zone, the approximate average monthly number of full-time equivalent employees of the qualified opportunity zone businesses in such qualified opportunity zone for the preceding 12-m