y law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in subsection (b), for any parolee who seeks a renewal or extension of employment authorization based on a grant of parole. The employment authorization for each alien paroled into the United States, or any renewal or extension of such parole, shall be valid for a period of 1 year or for the duration of the alien’s parole, whichever is shorter. (b) Amount specified.— (1) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this subsection shall be the greater of— (A) $275; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (2) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (c) Disposition of fees relating to renewal and extension of employment authorization for parolees.—During each fiscal year— (1) 25 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this section— (A) shall be credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; (B) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account established under section 286(m) (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)); and (C) may be retained and expended by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services without further appropriation; and (2) any amounts collected pursuant to this section that are not credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (d) No fee waiver.—Fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100011. Fee relating to renewal or extension of employment authorization for asylum applicants. (a) In general.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee of not less than $275 by any alien who has applied for asylum for each renewal or extension of employment authorization based on such application. (b) Termination.—Each initial employment authorization, or renewal or extension of such authorization, shall terminate— (1) immediately following the denial of an asylum application by an asylum officer, unless the case is referred to an immigration judge; (2) on the date that is 30 days after the date on which an immigration judge denies an asylum application, unless the alien makes a timely appeal to the Board of Immigration Appeals; or (3) immediately following the denial by the Board of Immigration Appeals of an appeal of a denial of an asylum application. (c) Disposition of fees relating to renewal and extension of employment authorization for asylum applicants.—During each fiscal year— (1) 25 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this section— (A) shall be credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; (B) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account established under section 286(m) (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)); and (C) may be retained and expended by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services without further appropriation; and (2) any amounts collected pursuant to this section that are not credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (d) No fee waiver.—Fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100012. Fee relating to renewal and extension of employment authorization for aliens granted temporary protected status. (a) In general.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in subsection (b), by any alien at the time such alien seeks a renewal or extension of employment authorization based on a grant of temporary protected status. Any employment authorization for an alien granted temporary protected status, or any renewal or extension of such employment authorization, shall be valid for a period of 1 year or for the duration of the designation of temporary protected status, whichever is shorter. (b) Amount specified.— (1) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this subsection shall be the greater of— (A) $275; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (2) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall 