September 20, 2022. (2) NPR–A RECORD OF DECISION.—The term “NPR–A record of decision” means the record of decision published by the Bureau of Land Management entitled “National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska Integrated Activity Plan Record of Decision” and dated December 2020. (3) PROGRAM.—The term “Program” means the competitive oil and gas leasing, exploration, development, and production program established under section 107 of the Naval Petroleum Reserves Production Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6506a). (4) SECRETARY.—The term “Secretary” means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) Restoration of NPR–A oil and gas leasing program.—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall expeditiously restore and resume oil and gas lease sales under the Program for domestic energy production and Federal revenue in the areas designated for oil and gas leasing as described in the NPR–A final environmental impact statement and the NPR–A record of decision. (c) Resumption of NPR–A lease sales.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall conduct not fewer than 5 lease sales under the Program by not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) SALES ACREAGES; SCHEDULE.— (A) ACREAGES.—In conducting the lease sales required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall offer not fewer than 4,000,000 acres in each lease sale. (B) SCHEDULE.—The Secretary shall offer— (i) an initial lease sale under paragraph (1) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act; and (ii) an additional lease sale under paragraph (1) not later than every 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) Terms and stipulations for NPR–A lease sales.—In conducting lease sales under subsection (c), the Secretary shall offer the same lease form, lease terms, economic conditions, and stipulations as described in the NPR–A final environmental impact statement and the NPR–A record of decision. (e) Receipts.—Section 107(l) of the Naval Petroleum Reserves Production Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6506a(l)) is amended— (1) by striking “All receipts from” and inserting the following: “(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), all receipts from”; and (2) by adding at the end the following: “(2) PERCENT SHARE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2034 AND THEREAFTER.—Beginning in fiscal year 2034, of the receipts from sales, rentals, bonuses, and royalties on leases issued pursuant to this section after the date of enactment of the Act entitled ‘An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of H. Con. Res. 14’ (119th Congress)— “(A) 70 percent shall be paid to the State of Alaska; and “(B) 30 percent shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States.”. subtitle B—Mining SEC. 50201. Coal leasing. (a) Definitions.—In this section: (1) COAL LEASE.—The term “coal lease” means a lease entered into by the United States as lessor, through the Bureau of Land Management, and an applicant on Bureau of Land Management Form 3400-012 (or a successor form that contains the terms of a coal lease). (2) QUALIFIED APPLICATION.—The term “qualified application” means an application for a coal lease pending as of the date of enactment of this Act or submitted within 90 days thereafter under the lease by application program administered by the Bureau of Land Management pursuant to the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) for which any required environmental review has commenced or the Director of the Bureau of Land Management determines can commence within 90 days after receiving the application. (b) Coal leasing activities.—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior— (1) shall— (A) with respect to each qualified application— (i) if not previously published for public comment, publish any required environmental review; (ii) establish the fair market value of the applicable coal tract; (iii) hold a lease sale with respect to the applicable coal tract; and (iv) identify the highest bidder at or above the fair market value and take all other intermediate actions necessary to identify the winning bidder and grant the qualified application; and (2) may— (A) with respect to a previously issued coal lease, grant any additional approvals of the Department of the Interior required for mining activities to commence; and (B) after completing the actions required by clauses (i) through (iv) of paragraph (1)(A), grant the qualified application and issue the applicable lease to the person that submitted the qualified application if that person submitted the winning bid in the lease sale held under clause (iii) of paragraph (1)(A). SEC. 50202. Coal royalty. (a) Rate.—Section 7(a) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 207(a)) is amended, in the fourth sentence, by striking “121⁄2 per centum” and inserting “121⁄2 percent, except such amount shall be not more than 7 percent during the period that begins on the date of enactment of the Act entitled ‘An Act to provide for recon