 shareholder)”. (2) PRO RATA SHARE.—Section 951A(c), as redesignated by section 70323(a)(2), is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking “in which or with which the taxable year of the controlled foreign corporation ends” and inserting “determined under section 951(a)(3)”, and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking “the last day in the taxable year of such foreign corporation on which such foreign corporation is a controlled foreign corporation” and inserting “any day in such taxable year”. (c) Effective dates.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2025. (2) TRANSITION RULE FOR DIVIDENDS.—Except to the extent provided by the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary's delegate), a dividend paid (or deemed paid) by a controlled foreign corporation shall not be treated as a dividend for purposes of applying section 951(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect before the amendments made by this section) if— (A) such dividend— (i) was paid (or deemed paid) on or before June 28, 2025, during the taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation which includes such date and the United States shareholder described in section 951(a)(1) of such Code (as so in effect) did not own (within the meaning of section 958(a) of such Code) the stock of such controlled foreign corporation during the portion of such taxable year on or before June 28, 2025, or (ii) was paid (or deemed paid) after June 28, 2025, and before such controlled foreign corporation's first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2025, and (B) such dividend does not increase the taxable income of a United States person that is subject to Federal income tax for the taxable year (including by reason of a dividends received deduction, an exclusion from gross income, or an exclusion from subpart F income). CHAPTER 4—INVESTING IN AMERICAN FAMILIES, COMMUNITIES, AND SMALL BUSINESSES subchapter A—Permanent investments in families and children SEC. 70401. Enhancement of employer-provided child care credit. (a) Increase of amount of qualified child care expenditures taken into account.—Section 45F(a)(1) is amended by striking “25 percent” and inserting “40 percent (50 percent in the case of an eligible small business)”. (b) Increase of maximum credit amount.—Subsection (b) of section 45F is amended to read as follows: “(b) Dollar limitation.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The credit allowable under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not exceed $500,000 ($600,000 in the case of an eligible small business). “(2) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT.—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2026, the $500,000 and $600,000 amounts in paragraph (1) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— “(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by “(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2025’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof.”. (c) Eligible small business.—Section 45F(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: “(4) ELIGIBLE SMALL BUSINESS.—The term ‘eligible small business’ means a business that meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c), determined— “(A) by substituting ‘5-taxable-year’ for ‘3-taxable-year’ in paragraph (1) thereof, and “(B) by substituting ‘5-year’ for ‘3-year’ in paragraph (3)(A) thereof.”. (d) Credit allowed for third-party intermediaries.—Section 45F(c)(1)(A)(iii) is amended by inserting “, or under a contract with an intermediate entity that contracts with one or more qualified child care facilities to provide such child care services” before the period at the end. (e) Treatment of jointly owned or operated child care facility.—Section 45F(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) TREATMENT OF JOINTLY OWNED OR OPERATED CHILD CARE FACILITY.—A facility shall not fail to be treated as a qualified child care facility of the taxpayer merely because such facility is jointly owned or operated by the taxpayer and other persons.”. (f) Regulations and guidance.—Section 45F is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: “(g) Regulations and guidance.—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this section, including guidance to carry out the purposes of paragraphs (1)(A)(iii) and (2)(C) of subsection (c).”. (g) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70402. Enhancement of adoption credit. (a) In general.—Section 23(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: “(4) PORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE.—So much of the credit allowed under paragraph (1) as does not exceed $5,000 shall be treated as a credit allowed under subpart C and not as a credit allowed under this subpart.”. (b) Adjustments