ual to— “(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by “(2) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2025’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100.”. (c) Application to reporting on remuneration for services.—Section 6041A(a)(2) is amended by striking “is $600 or more” and inserting “equals or exceeds the dollar amount in effect for such calendar year under section 6041(a)”. (d) Application to backup withholding.—Section 3406(b)(6) is amended— (1) by striking “$600” in subparagraph (A) and inserting “the dollar amount in effect for such calendar year under section 6041(a)”, and (2) by striking “only where aggregate for calendar year is $600 or more” in the heading and inserting “only where in excess of threshold”. (e) Conforming amendments.— (1) The heading of section 6041(a) is amended by striking “of $600 or more” and inserting “exceeding threshold”. (2) Section 6041(a) is amended by striking “taxable year” and inserting “calendar year”. (f) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to payments made after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70434. Treatment of certain qualified sound recording productions. (a) Election to treat costs as expenses.—Section 181(a)(1) is amended by striking “qualified film or television production, and any qualified live theatrical production,” and inserting “qualified film or television production, any qualified live theatrical production, and any qualified sound recording production”. (b) Dollar limitation.—Section 181(a)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) QUALIFIED SOUND RECORDING PRODUCTION.—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to so much of the aggregate cost of any qualified sound recording production, or to so much of the aggregate, cumulative cost of all such qualified sound recording productions in the taxable year, as exceeds $150,000.”. (c) No other deduction or amortization deduction allowable.—Section 181(b) is amended by striking “qualified film or television production or any qualified live theatrical production” and inserting “qualified film or television production, any qualified live theatrical production, or any qualified sound recording production”. (d) Election.—Section 181(c)(1) is amended by striking “qualified film or television production or any qualified live theatrical production” and inserting “qualified film or television production, any qualified live theatrical production, or any qualified sound recording production”. (e) Qualified sound recording production defined.—Section 181 is amended by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: “(f) Qualified sound recording production.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified sound recording production’ means a sound recording (as defined in section 101 of title 17, United States Code) produced and recorded in the United States.”. (f) Application of termination.—Section 181(h), as redesignated by subsection (e), is amended by striking “qualified film and television productions or qualified live theatrical productions” and inserting “qualified film and television productions, qualified live theatrical productions, or qualified sound recording productions”. (g) Bonus depreciation.— (1) QUALIFIED SOUND RECORDING PRODUCTION AS QUALIFIED PROPERTY.—Section 168(k)(2)(A)(i) is amended— (A) by striking “or” at the end of subclause (IV), by inserting “or” at the end of subclause (V), and by inserting after subclause (V) the following: “(VI) which is a qualified sound recording production (as defined in subsection (f) of section 181) for which a deduction would have been allowable under section 181 without regard to subsections (a)(2) and (h) of such section or this subsection, and”, and (B) in subclauses (IV) and (V) (as so amended) by striking “without regard to subsections (a)(2) and (g)” both places it appears and inserting “without regard to subsections (a)(2) and (h)”. (2) PRODUCTION PLACED IN SERVICE.—Section 168(k)(2)(H) is amended by striking “and” at the end of clause (i), by striking the period at the end of clause (ii) and inserting “, and”, and by adding after clause (ii) the following: “(iii) a qualified sound recording production shall be considered to be placed in service at the time of initial release or broadcast.”. (h) Conforming amendments.— (1) The heading for section 181 is amended to read as follows: “treatment of certain qualified productions.”. (2) The table of sections for part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 181 and inserting the following new item:“Sec. 181. Treatment of certain qualified productions. ”. (i) Effective date.—The amendments made 