 the Secretary, and (C) such change shall be applied only on a cut-off basis for any domestic research or experimental expenditures (as defined in section 174A(b) of such Code (as added by this section) and determined by applying the rules of section 174A(d) of such Code) paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024, and no adjustments under section 481(a) shall be made. (2) SPECIAL RULES.—In the case of a taxable year which begins after December 31, 2024, and ends before the date of the enactment of this Act— (A) paragraph (1)(C) shall not apply, and (B) the change in method of accounting under paragraph (1) shall be applied on a modified cut-off basis, taking into account for purposes of section 481(a) of such Code only the domestic research or experimental expenditures (as defined in section 174A(b) of such Code (as added by this section) and determined by applying the rules of section 174A(d) of such Code) paid or incurred in such taxable year but not allowed as a deduction in such taxable year. (d) Clerical amendment.—The table of sections for part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 174 the following new item:“Sec. 174A. Domestic research or experimental expenditures.”. (e) Effective date.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection or subsection (f)(1), the amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024. (2) TREATMENT OF FOREIGN RESEARCH OR EXPERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES UPON DISPOSITION.— (A) IN GENERAL.—The amendment by subsection (b)(1)(C)(ii) shall apply to property disposed, retired, or abandoned after May 12, 2025. (B) NO INFERENCE.—The amendment made by subsection (b)(1)(C)(ii) shall not be construed to create any inference with respect to the proper application of section 174(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to taxable years beginning before May 13, 2025. (3) COORDINATION WITH RESEARCH CREDIT.—The amendment made by subsection (b)(2)(B) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024. (4) NO INFERENCE WITH RESPECT TO COORDINATION WITH RESEARCH CREDIT FOR PRIOR PERIODS.—The amendment made by subsection (b)(2)(B) shall not be construed to create any inference with respect to the proper application of section 280C(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to taxable years beginning before January 1, 2025. (f) Transition rules.— (1) ELECTION FOR RETROACTIVE APPLICATION BY CERTAIN SMALL BUSINESSES.— (A) IN GENERAL.—At the election of an eligible taxpayer, paragraphs (1) and (3) of subsection (e) shall each be applied by substituting “December 31, 2021” for “December 31, 2024”. An election made under this subparagraph shall be made in such manner as the Secretary may provide and not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The taxpayer shall file an amended return for each taxable year affected by such election. (B) ELIGIBLE TAXPAYER.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term “eligible taxpayer” means any taxpayer (other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2024. (C) ELECTION TREATED AS CHANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING.—In the case of any taxpayer which elects the application of subparagraph (A)— (i) such election may be treated as a change in method of accounting for purposes of section 481 of such Code for the taxpayer’s first taxable year affected by such election, (ii) such change shall be treated as initiated by the taxpayer for such taxable year, (iii) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and (iv) subsection (c) shall not apply to such taxpayer. (D) ELECTION REGARDING COORDINATION WITH RESEARCH CREDIT.—An election under section 280C(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (or revocation of such election) for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2021, by an eligible taxpayer making an election under subparagraph (A) shall not fail to be treated as timely made (or as made on the return) if made during the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act on an amended return for such taxable year. (2) ELECTION TO DEDUCT CERTAIN UNAMORTIZED AMOUNTS PAID OR INCURRED IN TAXABLE YEARS BEGINNING BEFORE JANUARY 1, 2025.— (A) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any domestic research or experimental expenditures (as defined in section 174A, as added by subsection (a)) which are paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021, and before January 1, 2025, and which was charged to capital account, a taxpayer may elect— (i) to deduct any remaining unamortized amount with respect to such expenditures in the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2024, or (ii) to deduct such remaining unam