rting after subsection (n) the following new subsection: “(o) Requirement to report certain information with respect to excise tax based on investment income of private colleges and universities.—Each applicable educational institution described in section 4968(c) which is subject to the requirements of subsection (a) shall include on the return required under subsection (a)— “(1) the number of tuition-paying students taken into account under section 4968(c), and “(2) the number of students of such institution (determined under the rules of section 4968(e)).”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70416. Expanding application of tax on excess compensation within tax-exempt organizations. (a) In general.—Section 4960(c)(2) is amended to read as follows: “(2) COVERED EMPLOYEE.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘covered employee’ means any employee of an applicable tax-exempt organization (or any predecessor of such an organization) and any former employee of such an organization (or predecessor) who was such an employee during any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016.”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. subchapter C—Permanent investments in community development SEC. 70421. Permanent renewal and enhancement of opportunity zones. (a) Decennial designations.— (1) DETERMINATION PERIOD.—Section 1400Z-1(c)(2)(B) is amended by striking “beginning on the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act” and inserting “beginning on the decennial determination date”. (2) DECENNIAL DETERMINATION DATE.—Section 1400Z-1(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) DECENNIAL DETERMINATION DATE.—The term ‘decennial determination date’ means— “(i) July 1, 2026, and “(ii) each July 1 of the year that is 10 years after the preceding decennial determination date under this subparagraph.”. (3) REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR PUERTO RICO.—Section 1400Z-1(b) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (4) LIMITATION ON NUMBER OF DESIGNATIONS.—Section 1400Z-1(d)(1) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking “and subsection (b)(3)”, and (ii) by inserting “during any period” after “the number of population census tracts in a State that may be designated as qualified opportunity zones under this section”, and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting “during any period” before the period at the end. (5) EFFECTIVE DATES.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) PUERTO RICO.—The amendment made by paragraph (3) shall take effect on December 31, 2026. (b) Qualification for designations.— (1) DETERMINATION OF LOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES.—Section 1400Z-1(c) is amended by striking all that precedes paragraph (2) and inserting the following: “(c) Other definitions.—For purposes of this section— “(1) LOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES.—The term ‘low-income community’ means any population census tract if— “(A) such population census tract has a median family income that— “(i) in the case of a population census tract not located within a metropolitan area, does not exceed 70 percent of the statewide median family income, or “(ii) in the case of a population census tract located within a metropolitan area, does not exceed 70 percent of the metropolitan area median family income, or “(B) such population census tract— “(i) has a poverty rate of at least 20 percent, and “(ii) has a median family income that— “(I) in the case of a population census tract not located within a metropolitan area, does not exceed 125 percent of the statewide median family income, or “(II) in the case of a population census tract located within a metropolitan area, does not exceed 125 percent of the metropolitan area median family income.”. (2) REPEAL OF RULE FOR CONTIGUOUS CENSUS TRACTS.—Section 1400Z-1 is amended by striking subsection (e) and by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (e). (3) PERIOD FOR WHICH DESIGNATION IS IN EFFECT.—Section 1400Z-1(e), as redesignated by paragraph (2), is amended to read as follows: “(e) Period for which designation is in effect.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—A designation as a qualified opportunity zone shall remain in effect for the period beginning on the applicable start date and ending on the day before the date that is 10 years after the applicable start date. “(2) APPLICABLE START DATE.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘applicable start date’ means, with respect to any qualified opportunity zone designated under this section, the January 1 following the date on which such qualified opportunity zone was certified and designated by the Secretary under subsection (b)(1)(B).”. (4) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to areas designated under section 1400Z-1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 af