amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) CERTAIN POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIALING EXPENSES.—The term ‘qualified higher education expenses’ includes qualified postsecondary credentialing expenses (as defined in subsection (f)).”. (b) Qualified postsecondary credentialing expenses.—Section 529 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: “(f) Qualified postsecondary credentialing expenses.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified postsecondary credentialing expenses’ means— “(A) tuition, fees, books, supplies, and equipment required for the enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary in a recognized postsecondary credential program, or any other expense incurred in connection with enrollment in or attendance at a recognized postsecondary credential program if such expense would, if incurred in connection with enrollment or attendance at an eligible educational institution, be covered under subsection (e)(3)(A), “(B) fees for testing if such testing is required to obtain or maintain a recognized postsecondary credential, and “(C) fees for continuing education if such education is required to maintain a recognized postsecondary credential. “(2) RECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIAL PROGRAM.—The term ‘recognized postsecondary credential program’ means any program to obtain a recognized postsecondary credential if— “(A) such program is included on a State list prepared under section 122(d) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3152(d)), “(B) such program is listed in the public directory of the Web Enabled Approval Management System (WEAMS) of the Veterans Benefits Administration, or successor directory such program, “(C) an examination (developed or administered by an organization widely recognized as providing reputable credentials in the occupation) is required to obtain or maintain such credential and such organization recognizes such program as providing training or education which prepares individuals to take such examination, or “(D) such program is identified by the Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Labor, as being a reputable program for obtaining a recognized postsecondary credential for purposes of this subparagraph. “(3) RECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIAL.—The term ‘recognized postsecondary credential’ means— “(A) any postsecondary employment credential that is industry recognized and is— “(i) any postsecondary employment credential issued by a program that is accredited by the Institute for Credentialing Excellence, the National Commission on Certifying Agencies, or the American National Standards Institute, “(ii) any postsecondary employment credential that is included in the Credentialing Opportunities On-Line (COOL) directory of credentialing programs (or successor directory) maintained by the Department of Defense or by any branch of the Armed Forces, or “(iii) any postsecondary employment credential identified for purposes of this clause by the Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Labor, as being industry recognized, “(B) any certificate of completion of an apprenticeship that is registered and certified with the Secretary of Labor under the Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly known as the ‘National Apprenticeship Act’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.), “(C) any occupational or professional license issued or recognized by a State or the Federal Government (and any certification that satisfies a condition for obtaining such a license), and “(D) any recognized postsecondary credential as defined in section 3(52) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102(52)), provided through a program described in paragraph (2)(A).”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70415. Modification of excise tax on investment income of certain private colleges and universities. (a) In general.—Section 4968 is amended to read as follows: “SEC. 4968. Excise tax based on investment income of private colleges and universities. “(a) Tax imposed.—There is hereby imposed on each applicable educational institution for the taxable year a tax equal to the applicable percentage of the net investment income of such institution for the taxable year. “(b) Applicable percentage.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘applicable percentage’ means— “(1) 1.4 percent in the case of an institution with a student adjusted endowment of at least $500,000, and not in excess of $750,000, “(2) 4 percent in the case of an institution with a student adjusted endowment in excess of $750,000, and not in excess of $2,000,000, and “(3) 8 percent in the case of an institution with a student adjusted endowment in excess of $2,000,000. “(c) Applicable educational institution.—For purposes of this subchapter, the term ‘applicable ed