rements, including any milestones of such plan (as defined by the Secretary); and “(iv) any other criteria determined appropriate by the Secretary. “(C) DURATION OF EXEMPTION.— “(i) IN GENERAL.—An exemption granted under subparagraph (A) shall expire not later than December 31, 2028, and may not be renewed beyond such date. “(ii) EARLY TERMINATION.—The Secretary may terminate an exemption granted under subparagraph (A) prior to the expiration date of such exemption if the Secretary determined that the State has— “(I) failed to comply with the reporting requirements described in subparagraph (D); or “(II) based on the information provided pursuant to subparagraph (D), failed to make continued good faith efforts toward compliance with the requirements of this subsection. “(D) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.—A State granted an exemption under subparagraph (A) shall submit to the Secretary— “(i) quarterly progress reports on the State's status in achieving the milestones toward full compliance described in subparagraph (B)(iii); and “(ii) information on specific risks or newly identified barriers or challenges to full compliance, including the State's plan to mitigate such risks, barriers, or challenges.”. (b) Conforming amendment.—Section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)) is amended by striking “subject to subsection (k)” and inserting “subject to subsections (k) and (xx)”. (c) Prohibiting conflicts of interest.—A State shall not use a Medicaid managed care entity or other specified entity (as such terms are defined in section 1903(m)(9)(D)), or other contractor to determine beneficiary compliance under such section unless the contractor has no direct or indirect financial relationship with any Medicaid managed care entity or other specified entity that is responsible for providing or arranging for coverage of medical assistance for individuals enrolled with the entity pursuant to a contract with such State. (d) Interim final rulemaking.—Not later than June 1, 2026, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall promulgate an interim final rule for purposes of implementing the provisions of, and the amendments made by, this section. Any action taken to implement the provisions of, and the amendments made by, this section shall not be subject to the provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code. (e) Development of government efficiency grants to States.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In order for States to establish systems necessary to carry out the provisions of, and amendments made by, this section or other sections of this chapter that pertain to conducting eligibility determinations or redeterminations, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall— (A) out of amounts appropriated under paragraph (3)(A), award to each State a grant equal to the amount specified in paragraph (2) for such State; and (B) out of amounts appropriated under paragraph (3)(B), distribute an equal amount among such States. (2) AMOUNT SPECIFIED.—For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), the amount specified in this paragraph is an amount that bears the same ratio to the amount appropriated under paragraph (3)(A) as the number of applicable individuals (as defined in section 1902(xx) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (a)) residing in such State bears to the total number of such individuals residing in all States, as of March 31, 2025. (3) FUNDING.—There are appropriated, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated— (A) $100,000,000 for fiscal year 2026 for purposes of awarding grants under paragraph (1)(A), to remain available until expended; and (B) $100,000,000 for fiscal year 2026 for purposes of award grants under paragraph (1)(B), to remain available until expended. (4) DEFINITION.—In this subsection, the term “State” means 1 of the 50 States and the District of Columbia. (f) Implementation funding.—For the purposes of carrying out the provisions of, and the amendments made by, this section, there are appropriated, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services, $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2026, to remain available until expended. SEC. 71120. Modifying cost sharing requirements for certain expansion individuals under the Medicaid program. (a) In general.—Section 1916 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396o) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting “(other than, beginning October 1, 2028, specified individuals (as defined in subsection (k)(3)))” after “individuals”; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: “(k) Special rules for certain expansion individuals.— “(1) PREMIUMS.—Beginning October 1, 2028, the State plan shall provide that in the case of a specified individual (as defined in paragraph (3)) who is eligible under the plan, no enrollment fee, premium, or similar charge will be imposed under the