l year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, for the purposes described in subsections (b) and (c). (b) Training.—Not less than $285,000,000 of the amounts available under subsection (a) shall be for supporting the training of newly hired Federal law enforcement personnel employed by the Department of Homeland Security and State and local law enforcement agencies operating in support of the Department of Homeland Security. (c) Facilities.—Not more than $465,000,000 of the amounts available under subsection (a) shall be for procurement, construction and maintenance of, improvements to, training equipment for, and related expenses, of facilities of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. SEC. 100054. Appropriation for the Department of Justice. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Attorney General for the Department of Justice for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $3,330,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2029, for the following purposes: (1) EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR IMMIGRATION REVIEW.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Hiring immigration judges and necessary support staff for the Executive Office for Immigration Review to address the backlog of petitions, cases, and removals. (B) STAFFING LEVEL.—Effective November 1, 2028, the Executive Office for Immigration Review shall be comprised of not more than 800 immigration judges, along with the necessary support staff. (2) COMBATING DRUG TRAFFICKING.—Funding efforts to combat drug trafficking (including trafficking of fentanyl and its precursor chemicals) and illegal drug use. (3) PROSECUTION OF IMMIGRATION MATTERS.—Funding efforts to investigate and prosecute immigration matters, gang-related crimes involving aliens, child trafficking and smuggling involving aliens within the United States, unlawful voting by aliens, violations of the Alien Registration Act, 1940 (54 Stat., chapter 439), and violations of or fraud relating to title IV of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–193; 110 Stat. 2277), including hiring additional Department of Justice personnel to investigate and prosecute such matters. (4) NONPARTY OR OTHER INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.—Hiring additional attorneys and necessary support staff for the purpose of continuing implementation of assignments by the Attorney General pursuant to sections 516, 517, and 518 of title 28, United States Code, to conduct litigation and attend to the interests of the United States in suits pending in a court of the United States or in a court of a State in suits seeking nonparty or other injunctive relief against the Federal Government. (5) EDWARD BYRNE MEMORIAL JUSTICE ASSISTANCE GRANT PROGRAM AND OFFICE OF COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Increasing funding for the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program and the Office of Community Oriented Policing for initiatives associated with— (i) investigating and prosecuting violent crime; (ii) criminal enforcement initiatives; and (iii) immigration enforcement and removal efforts. (B) LIMITATIONS.—No funds made available under this subsection shall be made available to community violence intervention and prevention initiative programs. (C) ELIGIBILITY.—To be eligible to receive funds made available under this subsection, a State or local government shall be in full compliance, as determined by the Attorney General, with section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373). (6) FISCALLY RESPONSIBLE LAWSUIT SETTLEMENTS.—Hiring additional attorneys and necessary support staff for the purpose of maximizing lawsuit settlements that require the payment of fines and penalties to the Treasury of the United States in lieu of providing for the payment to any person or entity other than the United States, other than a payment that provides restitution or otherwise directly remedies actual harm directly and proximately caused by the party making the payment, or constitutes payment for services rendered in connection with the case. (7) COMPENSATION FOR INCARCERATION OF CRIMINAL ALIENS.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Providing compensation to a State or political subdivision of a State for the incarceration of criminal aliens. (B) USE OF FUNDS.—The amounts made available under subparagraph (A) shall only be used to compensate a State or political subdivision of a State, as appropriate, with respect to the incarceration of an alien who— (i) has been convicted of a felony or 2 or more misdemeanors; and (ii) (I) entered the United States without inspection or at any time or place other than as designated by the Secretary of Homeland Security; (II) was the subject of removal proceedings at the time the alien was taken into custody by the State or a political subdivision of the State; or (III) was admitted as a nonimmigrant and, at th