ch such taxable year begins. (c) COVID–ERTC document.—For purposes of this section, the term “COVID–ERTC document” means any return, affidavit, claim, or other document related to any credit or advance payment of a credit under section 3134 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, including any document related to eligibility for, or the calculation or determination of any amount directly related to, any such credit or advance payment. (d) Limitation on credits and refunds.—Notwithstanding section 6511 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, no credit under section 3134 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be allowed, and no refund with respect to any such credit shall be made, after the date of the enactment of this Act, unless a claim for such credit or refund was filed by the taxpayer on or before January 31, 2024. (e) Extension of limitation on assessment.—Section 3134(l) is amended to read as follows: “(l) Extension of limitation on assessment.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding section 6501, the limitation on the time period for the assessment of any amount attributable to a credit claimed under this section shall not expire before the date that is 6 years after the latest of— “(A) the date on which the original return which includes the calendar quarter with respect to which such credit is determined is filed, “(B) the date on which such return is treated as filed under section 6501(b)(2), or “(C) the date on which the claim for credit or refund with respect to such credit is made. “(2) DEDUCTION FOR WAGES TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN DETERMINING IMPROPERLY CLAIMED CREDIT.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding section 6511, in the case of an assessment attributable to a credit claimed under this section, the limitation on the time period for credit or refund of any amount attributable to a deduction for improperly claimed ERTC wages shall not expire before the time period for such assessment expires under paragraph (1). “(B) IMPROPERLY CLAIMED ERTC WAGES.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘improperly claimed ERTC wages’ means, with respect to an assessment attributable to a credit claimed under this section, the wages with respect to which a deduction would not have been allowed if the portion of the credit to which such assessment relates had been properly claimed.”. (f) Amendment to penalty for erroneous claim for refund or credit.—Section 6676(a) is amended by striking “income tax” and inserting “income or employment tax”. (g) Effective dates.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The provisions of this section shall apply to aid, assistance, and advice provided after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) LIMITATION ON CREDITS AND REFUNDS.—Subsection (d) shall apply to credits and refunds allowed or made after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON ASSESSMENT.—The amendment made by subsection (e) shall apply to assessments made after the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) AMENDMENT TO PENALTY FOR ERRONEOUS CLAIM FOR REFUND OR CREDIT.—The amendment made by subsection (f) shall apply to claims for credit or refund after the date of the enactment of this Act. (h) Regulations.—The Secretary (as defined in subsection (a)(5)) shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section (and the amendments made by this section). SEC. 70606. Social security number requirement for American Opportunity and Lifetime Learning credits. (a) Social security number of taxpayer required.—Section 25A(g)(1) is amended to read as follows: “(1) IDENTIFICATION REQUIREMENT.— “(A) SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIREMENT.—No credit shall be allowed under subsection (a) to an individual unless the individual includes on the return of tax for the taxable year— “(i) such individual's social security number, and “(ii) in the case of a credit with respect to the qualified tuition and related expenses of an individual other than the taxpayer or the taxpayer's spouse, the name and social security number of such individual. “(B) INSTITUTION.—No American Opportunity Tax Credit shall be allowed under this section unless the taxpayer includes the employer identification number of any institution to which the taxpayer paid qualified tuition and related expenses taken into account under this section on the return of tax for the taxable year. “(C) SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DEFINED.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘social security number’ shall have the meaning given such term in section 24(h)(7).”. (b) Omission treated as mathematical or clerical error.—Section 6213(g)(2)(J) is amended by striking “TIN” and inserting “social security number or employer identification number”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70607. Task force on the replacement of Direct File. Out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is hereby appropriated for the fiscal year