) of title 31, United States Code, and “(B) that is subject to the requirements under subchapter II of chapter 53 of such title, or “(2) funded with a debit card or a credit card which is issued in the United States. “(e) Definitions.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The terms ‘remittance transfer’, ‘remittance transfer provider’, and ‘sender’ shall each have the respective meanings given such terms by section 919(g) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693o–1(g)). “(2) CREDIT CARD.—The term ‘credit card’ has the same meaning given such term under section 920(c)(3) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693o–2(c)(3)). “(3) DEBIT CARD.—The term ‘debit card’ has the same meaning given such term under section 920(c)(2) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693o–2(c)(2)), without regard to subparagraph (B) of such section. “(f) Application of anti-conduit rules.—For purposes of section 7701(l), with respect to any multiple-party arrangements involving the sender, a remittance transfer shall be treated as a financing transaction.”. (b) Conforming amendment.—The table of subchapters for chapter 36 is amended by inserting after the item relating to subchapter B the following new item: “SUBCHAPTER C—REMITTANCE TRANSFERS”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers made after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70605. Enforcement provisions with respect to COVID-related employee retention credits. (a) Assessable penalty for failure to comply with due diligence requirements.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Any COVID–ERTC promoter which provides aid, assistance, or advice with respect to any COVID–ERTC document and which fails to comply with due diligence requirements imposed by the Secretary with respect to determining eligibility for, or the amount of, any credit or advance payment of a credit under section 3134 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall pay a penalty of $1,000 for each such failure. (2) DUE DILIGENCE REQUIREMENTS.—The due diligence requirements referred to in paragraph (1) shall be similar to the due diligence requirements imposed under section 6695(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (3) RESTRICTION TO DOCUMENTS USED IN CONNECTION WITH RETURNS OR CLAIMS FOR REFUND.—Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to any COVID–ERTC document unless such document constitutes, or relates to, a return or claim for refund. (4) TREATMENT AS ASSESSABLE PENALTY, ETC.—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the penalty imposed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as a penalty which is imposed under section 6695(g) of such Code and assessed under section 6201 of such Code. (5) SECRETARY.—For purposes of this subsection, the term “Secretary” means the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary's delegate. (b) COVID–ERTC promoter.—For purposes of this section— (1) IN GENERAL.—The term “COVID–ERTC promoter” means, with respect to any COVID–ERTC document, any person which provides aid, assistance, or advice with respect to such document if— (A) such person charges or receives a fee for such aid, assistance, or advice which is based on the amount of the refund or credit with respect to such document and, with respect to such person's taxable year in which such person provided such assistance or the preceding taxable year, the aggregate of the gross receipts of such person for aid, assistance, and advice with respect to all COVID-ERTC documents exceeds 20 percent of the gross receipts of such person for such taxable year, or (B) with respect to such person's taxable year in which such person provided such assistance or the preceding taxable year— (i) the aggregate of the gross receipts of such person for aid, assistance, and advice with respect to all COVID–ERTC documents exceeds 50 percent of the gross receipts of such person for such taxable year, or (ii) both— (I) such aggregate gross receipts exceed 20 percent of the gross receipts of such person for such taxable year, and (II) the aggregate of the gross receipts of such person for aid, assistance, and advice with respect to all COVID–ERTC documents (determined after application of paragraph (3)) exceeds $500,000. (2) EXCEPTION FOR CERTIFIED PROFESSIONAL EMPLOYER ORGANIZATIONS.—The term “COVID–ERTC promoter” shall not include a certified professional employer organization (as defined in section 7705 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) AGGREGATION RULE.—For purposes of paragraph (1), all persons treated as a single employer under subsection (a) or (b) of section 52 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or subsection (m) or (o) of section 414 of such Code, shall be treated as 1 person. (4) SHORT TAXABLE YEARS.—In the case of any taxable year of less than 12 months, a person shall be treated as a COVID-ERTC promoter if such person is described in paragraph (1) either with respect to such taxable year or by treating any reference to such taxable year as a reference to the calendar year in whi