 included in gross income under sections 951(a), 951A(a), and 78 (and the portion of the deductions allowed under sections 245A(a) (by reason of section 964(e)(4)) and 250(a)(1)(B) by reason of such inclusions), and”. (b) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. PART V—Other international tax reforms SEC. 70351. Permanent extension of look-thru rule for related controlled foreign corporations. (a) In general.—Section 954(c)(6)(C) is amended by striking “and before January 1, 2026,”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70352. Repeal of election for 1-month deferral in determination of taxable year of specified foreign corporations. (a) In general.—Section 898(c) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (b) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of specified foreign corporations beginning after November 30, 2025. (c) Transition rule.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of a corporation that is a specified foreign corporation as of November 30, 2025, such corporation’s first taxable year beginning after such date shall end at the same time as the first required year (within the meaning of section 898(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) ending after such date. If any specified foreign corporation is required by the amendments made by this section to change its taxable year for its first taxable year beginning after November 30, 2025— (A) such change shall be treated as initiated by such corporation, (B) such change shall be treated as having been made with the consent of the Secretary, and (C) the Secretary shall issue regulations or other guidance for allocating foreign taxes that are paid or accrued in such first taxable year and the succeeding taxable year among such taxable years in the manner the Secretary determines appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section. (2) SECRETARY.—For purposes of this subsection, the term “Secretary” means the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary's delegate. SEC. 70353. Restoration of limitation on downward attribution of stock ownership in applying constructive ownership rules. (a) In general.—Section 958(b) is amended— (1) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: “(4) Subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 318(a)(3) shall not be applied so as to consider a United States person as owning stock which is owned by a person who is not a United States person.”, and (2) by striking “Paragraph (1)” in the last sentence and inserting “Paragraphs (1) and (4)”. (b) Foreign controlled United States shareholders.—Subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 951A the following new section: “SEC. 951B. Amounts included in gross income of foreign controlled United States shareholders. “(a) In general.—In the case of any foreign controlled United States shareholder of a foreign controlled foreign corporation— “(1) this subpart (other than sections 951A, 951(b), and 957) shall be applied with respect to such shareholder (separately from, and in addition to, the application of this subpart without regard to this section)— “(A) by substituting ‘foreign controlled United States shareholder’ for ‘United States shareholder’ each place it appears therein, and “(B) by substituting ‘foreign controlled foreign corporation’ for ‘controlled foreign corporation’ each place it appears therein, and “(2) section 951A (and such other provisions of this subpart as provided by the Secretary) shall be applied with respect to such shareholder— “(A) by treating each reference to ‘United States shareholder’ in such section as including a reference to such shareholder, and “(B) by treating each reference to ‘controlled foreign corporation’ in such section as including a reference to such foreign controlled foreign corporation. “(b) Foreign controlled United States shareholder.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘foreign controlled United States shareholder’ means, with respect to any foreign corporation, any United States person which would be a United States shareholder with respect to such foreign corporation if— “(1) section 951(b) were applied by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘10 percent or more’, and “(2) section 958(b) were applied without regard to paragraph (4) thereof. “(c) Foreign controlled foreign corporation.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘foreign controlled foreign corporation’ means a foreign corporation, other than a controlled foreign corporation, which would be a controlled foreign corporation if section 957(a) were applied— “(1) by substituting ‘foreign controlled United States shareholders’ for ‘United States shareholders’, and “(2) by substituting ‘section 958(b) (other than paragraph (4) thereof)’ for ‘section 958(b)’. “(d) Regulat