on the term ‘personal interest’ shall not include qualified passenger vehicle loan interest. “(B) QUALIFIED PASSENGER VEHICLE LOAN INTEREST DEFINED.— “(i) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified passenger vehicle loan interest’ means any interest which is paid or accrued during the taxable year on indebtedness incurred by the taxpayer after December 31, 2024, for the purchase of, and that is secured by a first lien on, an applicable passenger vehicle for personal use. “(ii) EXCEPTIONS.—Such term shall not include any amount paid or incurred on any of the following: “(I) A loan to finance fleet sales. “(II) A loan incurred for the purchase of a commercial vehicle that is not used for personal purposes. “(III) Any lease financing. “(IV) A loan to finance the purchase of a vehicle with a salvage title. “(V) A loan to finance the purchase of a vehicle intended to be used for scrap or parts. “(iii) VIN REQUIREMENT.—Interest shall not be treated as qualified passenger vehicle loan interest under this paragraph unless the taxpayer includes the vehicle identification number of the applicable passenger vehicle described in clause (i) on the return of tax for the taxable year. “(C) LIMITATIONS.— “(i) DOLLAR LIMIT.—The amount of interest taken into account by a taxpayer under subparagraph (B) for any taxable year shall not exceed $10,000. “(ii) LIMITATION BASED ON MODIFIED ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME.— “(I) IN GENERAL.—The amount which is otherwise allowable as a deduction under subsection (a) as qualified passenger vehicle loan interest (determined without regard to this clause and after the application of clause (i)) shall be reduced (but not below zero) by $200 for each $1,000 (or portion thereof) by which the modified adjusted gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year exceeds $100,000 ($200,000 in the case of a joint return). “(II) MODIFIED ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME.—For purposes of this clause, the term ‘modified adjusted gross income’ means the adjusted gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year increased by any amount excluded from gross income under section 911, 931, or 933. “(D) APPLICABLE PASSENGER VEHICLE.—The term ‘applicable passenger vehicle’ means any vehicle— “(i) the original use of which commences with the taxpayer, “(ii) which is manufactured primarily for use on public streets, roads, and highways (not including a vehicle operated exclusively on a rail or rails), “(iii) which has at least 2 wheels, “(iv) which is a car, minivan, van, sport utility vehicle, pickup truck, or motorcycle, “(v) which is treated as a motor vehicle for purposes of title II of the Clean Air Act, and “(vi) which has a gross vehicle weight rating of less than 14,000 pounds. Such term shall not include any vehicle the final assembly of which did not occur within the United States. “(E) OTHER DEFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES.—For purposes of this paragraph— “(i) FINAL ASSEMBLY.—For purposes of subparagraph (D), the term ‘final assembly’ means the process by which a manufacturer produces a vehicle at, or through the use of, a plant, factory, or other place from which the vehicle is delivered to a dealer with all component parts necessary for the mechanical operation of the vehicle included with the vehicle, whether or not the component parts are permanently installed in or on the vehicle. “(ii) TREATMENT OF REFINANCING.—Indebtedness described in subparagraph (B) shall include indebtedness that results from refinancing any indebtedness described in such subparagraph, and that is secured by a first lien on the applicable passenger vehicle with respect to which the refinanced indebtedness was incurred, but only to the extent the amount of such resulting indebtedness does not exceed the amount of such refinanced indebtedness. “(iii) RELATED PARTIES.—Indebtedness described in subparagraph (B) shall not include any indebtedness owed to a person who is related (within the meaning of section 267(b) or 707(b)(1)) to the taxpayer.”. (b) Deduction allowed to non-itemizers.—Section 63(b), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by striking “and” at the end of paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (6) and inserting “and”, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: “(7) so much of the deduction allowed by section 163(a) as is attributable to the exception under section 163(h)(4)(A).”. (c) Reporting.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: “SEC. 6050AA. Returns relating to applicable passenger vehicle loan interest received in trade or business from individuals. “(a) In general.—Any person— “(1) who is engaged in a trade or business, and “(2) who, in the course of such trade or business, receives from any individual interest aggregating $600 or more for any calendar year on a specified passenger vehicle loan, shall make the return described in subsection (b) with respect to