01–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note) is amended by inserting “or renal cancer or any other chronic renal disease, including nephritis and kidney tubal tissue injury” after “nonmalignant respiratory disease”. (c) Millers, core drillers, and ore transporters.—Section 5(a)(1)(A)(ii)(II) of the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note) is amended— (1) by inserting “, core driller,” after “was a miller”; (2) by inserting “, or was involved in remediation efforts at such a uranium mine or uranium mill,” after “ore transporter”; (3) by inserting “(I)” after “clause (i)”; and (4) by striking “or renal cancers” and all that follows and inserting “or renal cancer or any other chronic renal disease, including nephritis and kidney tubal tissue injury; or”. (d) Combined work histories.—Section 5(a)(1)(A)(ii) of the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note), as amended by subsection (c), is further amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking “or” at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following: “(III) (aa) does not meet the conditions of subclause (I) or (II); “(bb) worked, during the period described in clause (i)(I), in 2 or more of the following positions: miner, miller, core driller, and ore transporter; “(cc) meets the requirements under paragraph (4) or (5); and “(dd) submits written medical documentation that the individual developed lung cancer, a nonmalignant respiratory disease, renal cancer, or any other chronic renal disease, including nephritis and kidney tubal tissue injury after exposure to radiation through work in one or more of the positions referred to in item (bb);”. (e) Special rules relating to combined work histories.—Section 5(a) of the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: “(4) SPECIAL RULE RELATING TO COMBINED WORK HISTORIES FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH AT LEAST ONE YEAR OF EXPERIENCE.—An individual meets the requirements under this paragraph if the individual worked in one or more of the positions referred to in paragraph (1)(A)(ii)(III)(bb) for a period of at least one year during the period described in paragraph (1)(A)(i)(I). “(5) SPECIAL RULE RELATING TO COMBINED WORK HISTORIES FOR MINERS.—An individual meets the requirements of this paragraph if the individual, during the period described in paragraph (1)(A)(i)(I), worked as a miner and was exposed to such number of working level months that the Attorney General determines, when combined with the exposure of such individual to radiation through work as a miller, core driller, or ore transporter during the period described in paragraph (1)(A)(i)(I), results in such individual being exposed to a total level of radiation that is greater or equal to the level of exposure of an individual described in paragraph (4).”. (f) Definition of core driller.—Section 5(b) of the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking “and” at the end; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting “; and”; and (3) by adding at the end the following: “(9) the term ‘core driller’ means any individual employed to engage in the act or process of obtaining cylindrical rock samples of uranium or vanadium by means of a borehole drilling machine for the purpose of mining uranium or vanadium.”. SEC. 100204. Claims relating to Manhattan Project waste. The Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note) is amended by inserting after section 5 the following: “SEC. 5A. Claims relating to Manhattan Project waste. “(a) In general.—A claimant shall receive compensation for a claim made under this Act, as described in subsection (b) or (c), if— “(1) a claim for compensation is filed with the Attorney General— “(A) by an individual described in paragraph (2); or “(B) on behalf of that individual by an authorized agent of that individual, if the individual is deceased or incapacitated, such as— “(i) an executor of estate of that individual; or “(ii) a legal guardian or conservator of that individual; “(2) that individual, or if applicable, an authorized agent of that individual, demonstrates that such individual— “(A) was physically present in an affected area for a period of at least 2 years after January 1, 1949; and “(B) contracted a specified disease after such period of physical presence; “(3) the Attorney General certifies that the identity of that individual, and if applicable, the authorized agent of that individual, is not fraudulent or otherwise misrepresented; and “(4) the Attorney General determines that the claimant has satisfied the applicable requirements of this Act. “(b) Losses available to living affected individuals.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—In the event of a claim qualifying for compensation under subsection (a) that is submitted to the Attorney General to be eligible for compensation under this