ses such property to a third party during such taxable year.”. (2) CONFORMING RULES.—Section 50 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: “(e) Rules for geothermal heat pumps.—For purposes of this section and section 168, the ownership of energy property described in section 48(a)(3)(A)(vii) shall be determined without regard to whether such property is readily usable by a person other than the lessee or service recipient.”. (d) Domestic content rules.—Subparagraph (B) of section 48E(a)(3) is amended to read as follows: “(B) DOMESTIC CONTENT.—Rules similar to the rules of section 48(a)(12) shall apply, except that, for purposes of subparagraph (B) of such section and the application of rules similar to the rules of section 45(b)(9)(B), the adjusted percentage (as determined under section 45(b)(9)(C)) shall be determined as follows: “(i) In the case of any qualified investment with respect to any qualified facility or energy storage technology the construction of which begins before June 16, 2025, 40 percent (or, in the case of a qualified facility which is an offshore wind facility, 20 percent). “(ii) In the case of any qualified investment with respect to any qualified facility or energy storage technology the construction of which begins on or after June 16, 2025, and before January 1, 2026, 45 percent (or, in the case of a qualified facility which is an offshore wind facility, 27.5 percent). “(iii) In the case of any qualified investment with respect to any qualified facility or energy storage technology the construction of which begins during calendar year 2026, 50 percent (or, in the case of a qualified facility which is an offshore wind facility, 35 percent). “(iv) In the case of any qualified investment with respect to any qualified facility or energy storage technology the construction of which begins after December 31, 2026, 55 percent.”. (e) Elimination of energy credit for certain energy property.—Section 48(a)(2) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking “2 percent” and inserting “0 percent”, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) NONAPPLICATION OF INCREASES TO ENERGY PERCENTAGE.—For purposes of energy property described in subparagraph (A)(ii), the energy percentage applicable to such property pursuant to such subparagraph shall not be increased or otherwise adjusted by any provision of this section.”. (f) Application of clean electricity investment credit to qualified fuel cell property.—Section 48E, as amended by subsection (c), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (k), and (2) by inserting after subsection (i) the following new subsection: “(j) Application to qualified fuel cell property.—For purposes of this section, in the case of any qualified fuel cell property (as defined in section 48(c)(1), as applied without regard to subparagraph (E) thereof)— “(1) subsection (b)(3)(A) shall be applied without regard to clause (iii) thereof, “(2) for purposes of subsection (a)(1), the applicable percentage shall be 30 percent and such percentage shall not be increased or otherwise adjusted by any other provision of this section, and “(3) subsection (g) shall not apply.”. (g) Effective dates.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) DOMESTIC CONTENT RULES.—The amendment made by subsection (d) shall apply on or after June 16, 2025. (3) ELIMINATION OF ENERGY CREDIT FOR CERTAIN ENERGY PROPERTY.—The amendments made by subsection (e) shall apply to property the construction of which begins on or after June 16, 2025. (4) APPLICATION OF CLEAN ELECTRICITY INVESTMENT CREDIT TO QUALIFIED FUEL CELL PROPERTY.—The amendments made by subsection (f) shall apply to property the construction of which begins after December 31, 2025. (5) TERMINATION FOR WIND AND SOLAR FACILITIES.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to facilities the construction of which begins after the date which is 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 70514. Phase-out and restrictions on advanced manufacturing production credit. (a) Modification of provision relating to sale of integrated components.—Paragraph (4) of section 45X(d) is amended to read as follows: “(4) SALE OF INTEGRATED COMPONENTS.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this section, a person shall be treated as having sold an eligible component to an unrelated person if— “(i) such component (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘primary component’) is integrated, incorporated, or assembled into another eligible component (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘secondary component’) produced within the same manufacturing facility as the primary component, and “(ii) the secondary component is sold to an unrelated person. “(B) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS.—Subparagraph (A) shall only apply with respect to a secondary component for w