 each individual from whom such interest was received at such time as the Secretary may provide. “(b) Form and manner of returns.—A return is described in this subsection if such return— “(1) is in such form as the Secretary may prescribe, and “(2) contains— “(A) the name and address of the individual from whom the interest described in subsection (a)(2) was received, “(B) the amount of such interest received for the calendar year, “(C) the amount of outstanding principal on the specified passenger vehicle loan as of the beginning of such calendar year, “(D) the date of the origination of such loan, “(E) the year, make, model, and vehicle identification number of the applicable passenger vehicle which secures such loan (or such other description of such vehicle as the Secretary may prescribe), and “(F) such other information as the Secretary may prescribe. “(c) Statements to be furnished to individuals with respect to whom information is required.—Every person required to make a return under subsection (a) shall furnish to each individual whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— “(1) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person required to make such return, and “(2) the information described in subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E) of subsection (b)(2) with respect to such individual (and such information as is described in subsection (b)(2)(F) with respect to such individual as the Secretary may provide for purposes of this subsection). The written statement required under the preceding sentence shall be furnished on or before January 31 of the year following the calendar year for which the return under subsection (a) was required to be made. “(d) Definitions.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Terms used in this section which are also used in paragraph (4) of section 163(h) shall have the same meaning as when used in such paragraph. “(2) SPECIFIED PASSENGER VEHICLE LOAN.—The term ‘specified passenger vehicle loan’ means the indebtedness described in section 163(h)(4)(B) with respect to any applicable passenger vehicle. “(e) Regulations.—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section, including regulations or other guidance to prevent the duplicate reporting of information under this section. “(f) Applicability.—No return shall be required under this section for any period to which section 163(h)(4) does not apply.”. (2) PENALTIES.—Section 6724(d) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking “or” at the end of clause (xxvii), by striking “and” at the end of clause (xxviii) and inserting “or”, and by adding at the end the following new clause: “(xxix) section 6050AA(a) (relating to returns relating to applicable passenger vehicle loan interest received in trade or business from individuals),”, and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking “or” at the end of subparagraph (KK), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (LL) and inserting “, or”, and by inserting after subparagraph (LL) the following new subparagraph: “(MM) section 6050AA(c) (relating to statements relating to applicable passenger vehicle loan interest received in trade or business from individuals).”. (d) Conforming amendments.— (1) Section 56(e)(1)(B) is amended by striking “section 163(h)(4)” and inserting “section 163(h)(5)”. (2) The table of sections for subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by adding at the end the following new item:“Sec. 6050AA. Returns relating to applicable passenger vehicle loan interest received in trade or business from individuals. ”. (e) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to indebtedness incurred after December 31, 2024. SEC. 70204. Trump accounts and contribution pilot program. (a) Trump accounts.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter F of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: “PART IX—Trump accounts “Sec. 530A. Trump accounts. “SEC. 530A. Trump accounts. “(a) General rule.—Except as provided in this section or under regulations or guidance established by the Secretary, a Trump account shall be treated for purposes of this title in the same manner as an individual retirement account under section 408(a). “(b) Trump account.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘Trump account’ means an individual retirement account (as defined in section 408(a)) which is not designated as a Roth IRA and which meets the following requirements: “(A) The account— “(i) is created or organized by the Secretary for the exclusive benefit of an eligible individual or such eligible individual's beneficiaries, or “(ii) is— “(I) created or organized in the United States for the exclusive benefit of an individual who has not attained the age of 18 before the end of the calendar year, or such individual's beneficiaries, and “(II) funded by a qualified rollover contribution. “