inning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70602. Treatment of payments from partnerships to partners for property or services. (a) In general.—Section 707(a)(2) is amended by striking “Under regulations prescribed” and inserting “Except as provided”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to services performed, and property transferred, after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) Rule of construction.—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, shall be construed to create any inference with respect to the proper treatment under section 707(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to payments from a partnership to a partner for services performed, or property transferred, on or before the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70603. Excessive employee remuneration from controlled group members and allocation of deduction. (a) Application of aggregation rules.—Section 162(m) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: “(7) REMUNERATION FROM CONTROLLED GROUP MEMBERS.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any publicly held corporation which is a member of a controlled group— “(i) paragraph (1) shall be applied by substituting ‘specified covered employee’ for ‘covered employee’, and “(ii) if any person which is a member of such controlled group (other than such publicly held corporation) provides applicable employee remuneration to an individual who is a specified covered employee of such controlled group and the aggregate amount described in subparagraph (B)(ii) with respect to such specified covered employee exceeds $1,000,000— “(I) paragraph (1) shall apply to such person with respect to such remuneration, and “(II) paragraph (1) shall apply to such publicly held corporation and to each such related person by substituting ‘the allocable limitation amount’ for ‘$1,000,000’. “(B) ALLOCABLE LIMITATION AMOUNT.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘allocable limitation amount’ means, with respect to any member of the controlled group referred to in subparagraph (A) with respect to any specified covered employee of such controlled group, the amount which bears the same ratio to $1,000,000 as— “(i) the amount of applicable employee remuneration provided by such member with respect to such specified covered employee, bears to “(ii) the aggregate amount of applicable employee remuneration provided by all such members with respect to such specified covered employee. “(C) SPECIFIED COVERED EMPLOYEE.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘specified covered employee’ means, with respect to any controlled group— “(i) any employee described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of paragraph (3), with respect to the publicly held corporation which is a member of such controlled group, and “(ii) any employee who would be described in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (3) if such subparagraph were applied by taking into account the employees of all members of the controlled group. “(D) CONTROLLED GROUP.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘controlled group’ means any group treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414.”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70604. Excise tax on certain remittance transfers. (a) In general.—Chapter 36 is amended by inserting after subchapter B the following new subchapter: “subchapter C—Remittance transfers “Sec. 4475. Imposition of tax. “SEC. 4475. Imposition of tax. “(a) In general.—There is hereby imposed on any remittance transfer a tax equal to 1 percent of the amount of such transfer. “(b) Payment of tax.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The tax imposed by this section with respect to any remittance transfer shall be paid by the sender with respect to such transfer. “(2) COLLECTION OF TAX.—The remittance transfer provider with respect to any remittance transfer shall collect the amount of the tax imposed under subsection (a) with respect to such transfer from the sender and remit such tax quarterly to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as provided by the Secretary, “(3) SECONDARY LIABILITY.—Where any tax imposed by subsection (a) is not paid at the time the transfer is made, then to the extent that such tax is not collected, such tax shall be paid by the remittance transfer provider. “(c) Tax limited to cash and similar instruments.—The tax imposed under subsection (a) shall apply only to any remittance transfer for which the sender provides cash, a money order, a cashier's check, or any other similar physical instrument (as determined by the Secretary) to the remittance transfer provider. “(d) Nonapplication to certain noncash remittance transfers.—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any remittance transfer for which the funds being transferred are— “(1) withdrawn from an account held in or by a financial institution— “(A) which is described in subparagraphs (A) through (H) of section 5312(a)(2