t identifies specific causes driving the accelerating rate of stand-alone rural hospitals becoming at risk of closure, conversion, or service reduction; “(ii) a certification that none of the amounts provided under this subsection shall be used by the State for an expenditure that is attributable to an intergovernmental transfer, certified public expenditure, or any other expenditure to finance the non-Federal share of expenditures required under any provision of law, including under the State plan established under this title, the State plan established under title XIX, or under a waiver of such plans; and “(iii) such other information as the Administrator may require. “(B) DEADLINE FOR APPROVAL.—Not later than December 31, 2025, the Administrator shall approve or deny all applications submitted for an allotment under this subsection. “(C) ONE-TIME APPLICATION.—If an application of a State for an allotment under this subsection is approved by the Administrator, the State shall be eligible for an allotment under this subsection for each of fiscal years 2026 through 2030, except as provided in paragraph (1)(B)(iv). “(D) ELIGIBILITY.—Only the 50 States shall be eligible for an allotment under this subsection and all references in this subsection to a State shall be treated as only referring to the 50 States. “(3) ALLOTMENTS.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—For each of fiscal years 2026 through 2030, the Administrator shall determine under subparagraph (B) the amount of the allotment for such fiscal year for each State with an approved application under this subsection. “(B) AMOUNT DETERMINED.—Subject to subparagraph (C), from the amounts appropriated under paragraph (1)(A) for each of fiscal years 2026 through 2030, the Administrator shall allot— “(i) 50 percent of the amounts appropriated for each such fiscal year equally among all States with an approved application under this subsection; and “(ii) 50 percent of the amounts appropriated for each such fiscal year among all such States in an amount to be determined by the Administrator in accordance with subparagraph (C). “(C) REQUIREMENTS.—In determining the amount to be allotted to a State under clause (ii) of subparagraph (B) for a fiscal year, the Administrator shall— “(i) ensure that not less than 1⁄4 of the States with an approved application under this subsection for a fiscal year are allotted funds from amounts that are to be allotted under clause (ii) of such subparagraph; and “(ii) consider— “(I) the percentage of the State population that is located in a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent modification of the Goldsmith Modification, originally published in the Federal Register on February 27, 1992 (57 Fed. Reg. 6725)); “(II) the proportion of rural health facilities (as defined in subparagraph (D)) in the State relative to the number of rural health facilities nationwide; “(III) the situation of hospitals in the State, as described in section 1902(a)(13)(A)(iv); and “(IV) any other factors that the Administrator determines appropriate. “(D) RURAL HEALTH FACILITY DEFINED.—For the purposes of subparagraph (C)(ii), the term ‘rural health facility’ means the following: “(i) A subsection (d) hospital (as defined in paragraph (1)(B) of section 1886(d)) that— “(I) is located in a rural area (as defined in paragraph (2)(D) of such section); “(II) is treated as being located in a rural area pursuant to paragraph (8)(E) of such section; or “(III) is located in a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent modification of the Goldsmith Modification, originally published in the Federal Register on February 27, 1992 (57 Fed. Reg. 6725)). “(ii) A critical access hospital (as defined in section 1861(mm)(1)). “(iii) A sole community hospital (as defined in section 1886(d)(5)(D)(iii)). “(iv) A Medicare-dependent, small rural hospital (as defined in section 1886(d)(5)(G)(iv)). “(v) A low-volume hospital (as defined in section 1886(d)(12)(C)). “(vi) A rural emergency hospital (as defined in section 1861(kkk)(2)). “(vii) A rural health clinic (as defined in section 1861(aa)(2)). “(viii) A Federally qualified health center (as defined in section 1861(aa)(4)). “(ix) A community mental health center (as defined in section 1861(ff)(3)(B)). “(x) A health center that is receiving a grant under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. “(xi) An opioid treatment program (as defined in section 1861(jjj)(2)) that is located in a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent modification of the Goldsmith Modification, originally published in the Federal Register on February 27, 1992 (57 Fed. Reg. 6725)). “(xii) A certified community behavioral health clinic (as defined in section 1905(jj)(2)) that is located in a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent modification of the Goldsmith Modification