ry containing such information in support of the application as the Secretary may require. The Secretary shall require that each State include in its application the purposes for which the State seeks the funds and a description of how the State plans to allocate the funds. The Secretary shall begin to accept applications not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (6) TERMS AND CONDITIONS.—Nothing in this subsection shall authorize any State or local government to exercise immigration or border security authorities reserved exclusively to the Federal Government under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) or the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.). The Federal Emergency Management Agency may use not more than 1 percent of the funds made available under this subsection for the purpose of administering grants provided for in this section. SEC. 90006. Presidential residence protection. (a) In general.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $300,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, for the reimbursement of extraordinary law enforcement personnel costs for protection activities directly and demonstrably associated with any residence of the President designated pursuant to section 3 or 4 of the Presidential Protection Assistance Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–524; 18 U.S.C. 3056 note) to be secured by the United States Secret Service. (b) Availability.—Funds appropriated under this section shall be available only for costs that a State or local agency— (1) incurred or incurs on or after July 1, 2024; (2) demonstrates to the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency as being— (A) in excess of typical law enforcement operation costs; (B) directly attributable to the provision of protection described in this section; and (C) associated with a nongovernmental property designated pursuant to section 3 or 4 of the Presidential Protection Assistance Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–524; 18 U.S.C. 3056 note) to be secured by the United States Secret Service; and (3) certifies to the Administrator as compensating protection activities requested by the United States Secret Service. (c) Terms and conditions.—The Federal Emergency Management Agency may use not more than 3 percent of the funds made available under this section for the purpose of administering grants provided for in this section. SEC. 90007. Department of Homeland Security appropriations for border support. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there are appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $10,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, for reimbursement of costs incurred in undertaking activities in support of the Department of Homeland Security’s mission to safeguard the borders of the United States. subtitle B—Governmental affairs provisions SEC. 90101. FEHB improvements. (a) Short title.—This section may be cited as the “FEHB Protection Act of 2025”. (b) Definitions.—In this section: (1) DIRECTOR.—The term “Director” means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. (2) HEALTH BENEFITS PLAN; MEMBER OF FAMILY.—The terms “health benefits plan” and “member of family” have the meanings given those terms in section 8901 of title 5, United States Code. (3) OPEN SEASON.—The term “open season” means an open season described in section 890.301(f) of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation. (4) PROGRAM.—The term “Program” means the health insurance programs carried out under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, including the program carried out under section 8903c of that title. (5) QUALIFYING LIFE EVENT.—The term “qualifying life event” has the meaning given the term in section 892.101 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation. (c) Verification requirements.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall issue regulations and implement a process to verify— (1) the veracity of any qualifying life event through which an enrollee in the Program seeks to add a member of family with respect to the enrollee to a health benefits plan under the Program; and (2) that, when an enrollee in the Program seeks to add a member of family with respect to the enrollee to the health benefits plan of the enrollee under the Program, including during any open season, the individual so added is a qualifying member of family with respect to the enrollee. (d) Fraud risk assessment.—In any fraud risk assessment conducted with respect to the Program on or after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall include an assessment of individuals who are enrolled in, or covered under, a health benefits plan under th