oma. (H) Nevada. (I) Alaska. (2) REQUIREMENT.—In conducting a lease sale under paragraph (1) in a State described in that paragraph, the Secretary of the Interior— (A) shall offer not less than 50 percent of available parcels nominated for oil and gas development under the applicable resource management plan in effect for relevant Bureau of Land Management resource management areas within the applicable State; and (B) shall not restrict the parcels offered to 1 Bureau of Land Management field office within the applicable State unless all nominated parcels are located within the same Bureau of Land Management field office. (3) REPLACEMENT SALES.—The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a replacement sale during the same fiscal year if— (A) a lease sale under paragraph (1) is canceled, delayed, or deferred, including for a lack of eligible parcels; or (B) during a lease sale under paragraph (1) the percentage of acreage that does not receive a bid is equal to or greater than 25 percent of the acreage offered. (d) Mineral Leasing Act reforms.—Section 17 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 226), as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows through the end of subsection (a) and inserting the following: “SEC. 17. Leasing of oil and gas parcels. “(a) Leasing authorized.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Any parcel of land subject to disposition under this Act that is known or believed to contain oil or gas deposits shall be made available for leasing, subject to paragraph (2), by the Secretary of the Interior, not later than 18 months after the date of receipt by the Secretary of an expression of interest in leasing the applicable parcel of land available for disposition under this section, if the Secretary determines that the parcel of land is open to oil or gas leasing under the approved resource management plan applicable to the planning area in which the parcel of land is located that is in effect on the date on which the expression of interest was submitted to the Secretary (referred to in this subsection as the ‘approved resource management plan’). “(2) RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS.— “(A) LEASE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.—A lease issued by the Secretary under this section with respect to an applicable parcel of land made available for leasing under paragraph (1)— “(i) shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the approved resource management plan; and “(ii) may not require any stipulations or mitigation requirements not included in the approved resource management plan. “(B) EFFECT OF AMENDMENT.—The initiation of an amendment to an approved resource management plan shall not prevent or delay the Secretary from making the applicable parcel of land available for leasing in accordance with that approved resource management plan if the other requirements of this section have been met, as determined by the Secretary.”; (2) in subsection (p), by adding at the end the following: “(4) TERM.—A permit to drill approved under this subsection shall be valid for a single, non-renewable 4-year period beginning on the date that the permit to drill is approved.”; and (3) by striking subsection (q) and inserting the following: “(q) Commingling of production.—The Secretary of the Interior shall approve applications allowing for the commingling of production from 2 or more sources (including the area of an oil and gas lease, the area included in a drilling spacing unit, a unit participating area, a communitized area, or non-Federal property) before production reaches the point of royalty measurement regardless of ownership, the royalty rates, and the number or percentage of acres for each source if the applicant agrees to install measurement devices for each source, utilize an allocation method that achieves volume measurement uncertainty levels within plus or minus 2 percent during the production phase reported on a monthly basis, or utilize an approved periodic well testing methodology. Production from multiple oil and gas leases, drilling spacing units, communitized areas, or participating areas from a single wellbore shall be considered a single source. Nothing in this subsection shall prevent the Secretary of the Interior from continuing the current practice of exercising discretion to authorize higher percentage volume measurement uncertainty levels if appropriate technical and economic justifications have been provided.”. SEC. 50102. Offshore oil and gas leasing. (a) Lease sales.— (1) GULF OF AMERICA REGION.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding the 2024–2029 National Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program (and any successor leasing program that does not satisfy the requirements of this section), in addition to lease sales which may be held under that program, and except within areas subject to existing oil and gas leasing moratoria, the Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a minimum of 30 region-wide oil and gas lease sales, in a manner consistent with the schedule