recognized by reason of subparagraph (A). “(6) ELECTION.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—An election under this subsection for any taxable year shall— “(i) specify the nonresidential real property subject to the election and the portion of such property designated under paragraph (2)(A)(vi), and “(ii) except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, be made on the taxpayer's return of the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year. Such election shall be made in such manner as the Secretary may prescribe by regulations or other guidance. “(B) ELECTION.—Any election made under this subsection, and any specification contained in any such election, may not be revoked except with the consent of the Secretary (and the Secretary shall provide such consent only in extraordinary circumstances). “(7) REGULATIONS.—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection, including regulations or other guidance— “(A) providing rules for regarding what constitutes substantial transformation of property which are consistent with guidance provided under section 954(d), and “(B) providing for the application of paragraph (5) with respect to a change in use described in such paragraph by a transferee following a fully or partially tax free transfer of qualified production property.”. (b) Treatment of qualified production property as section 1245 property.—Section 1245(a)(3) is amended by striking “or” at the end of subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (F) and inserting “, or”, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(G) any qualified production property (as defined in section 168(n)(2)).”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70308. Enhancement of advanced manufacturing investment credit. (a) In general.—Section 48D(a) is amended by striking “25 percent” and inserting “35 percent”. (b) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70309. Spaceports are treated like airports under exempt facility bond rules. (a) In general.—Section 142(a)(1) is amended to read as follows: “(1) airports and spaceports,”. (b) Treatment of ground leases.—Section 142(b)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) SPECIAL RULE FOR SPACEPORT GROUND LEASES.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), spaceport property located on land leased by a governmental unit from the United States shall not fail to be treated as owned by a governmental unit if the requirements of this paragraph are met by the lease and any subleases of the property.”. (c) Definition of spaceport.—Section 142 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: “(p) Spaceport.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of subsection (a)(1), the term ‘spaceport’ means any facility located at or in close proximity to a launch site or reentry site used for— “(A) manufacturing, assembling, or repairing spacecraft, space cargo, other facilities described in this paragraph, or any component of the foregoing, “(B) flight control operations, “(C) providing launch services and reentry services, or “(D) transferring crew, spaceflight participants, or space cargo to or from spacecraft. “(2) ADDITIONAL TERMS.—For purposes of paragraph (1)— “(A) SPACE CARGO.—The term ‘space cargo’ includes satellites, scientific experiments, other property transported into space, and any other type of payload, whether or not such property returns from space. “(B) SPACECRAFT.—The term ‘spacecraft’ means a launch vehicle or a reentry vehicle. “(C) OTHER TERMS.—The terms ‘launch site’, ‘crew’, ‘space flight participant’, ‘launch services’, ‘launch vehicle’, ‘payload’, ‘reentry services’, ‘reentry site’, a ‘reentry vehicle’ shall have the respective meanings given to such terms by section 50902 of title 51, United States Code (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection). “(3) PUBLIC USE REQUIREMENT.—A facility shall not be required to be available for use by the general public to be treated as a spaceport for purposes of this section. “(4) MANUFACTURING FACILITIES AND INDUSTRIAL PARKS ALLOWED.—With respect to spaceports, subsection (c)(2)(E) shall not apply to spaceport property described in paragraph (1)(A).”. (d) Exception from federally guaranteed bond prohibition.—Section 149(b)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(F) EXCEPTION FOR SPACEPORTS.—A bond shall not be treated as federally guaranteed merely because of the payment of rent, user fees, or other charges by the United States (or any agency or instrumentality thereof) in exchange for the use of the spaceport by the United States (or any agency or instrumentality thereof).”. (e) Conforming amendment.—The heading for section 142(c) is amended by inserting “Spaceports,” after “Airports,”