ilities.—Not more than $2,000,000,000 of the amounts made available under subsection (a) shall be for addressing maintenance and repairs to facilities maintained or operated by the Bureau of Prisons. SEC. 100057. Appropriation for the United States Secret Service. (a) Appropriation.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Director of the United States Secret Service (referred to in this section as the “Director”) for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $1,170,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2029, for the purposes described in subsection (b). (b) Use of funds.—Amounts made available under subsection (a) may only be used for— (1) additional United States Secret Service resources, including personnel, training facilities, programming, and technology; and (2) performance, retention, and signing bonuses for qualified United States Secret Service personnel in accordance with subsection (c). (c) Performance, retention, and signing bonuses.— (1) PERFORMANCE BONUSES.—The Director, at the Director’s discretion, may provide performance bonuses to any Secret Service agent, officer, or analyst who demonstrates exemplary service. (2) RETENTION BONUSES.—The Director may provide retention bonuses to any Secret Service agent, officer, or analyst who commits to 2 years of additional service with the Secret Service. (3) SIGNING BONUSES.—The Director may provide a signing bonus to any Secret Service agent, officer, or analyst who— (A) is hired on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) commits to 5 years of service with the United States Secret Service. (4) SERVICE AGREEMENT.—In providing a retention or signing bonus under this subsection, the Director shall provide each qualifying individual with a written service agreement that includes— (A) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provisions for the determination of such dates); (B) the amount of the bonus; and (C) any other term or condition under which the bonus is payable, subject to the requirements under this subsection, including— (i) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been completed; and (ii) the effect of a termination described in clause (i). subtitle B—Judiciary Matters SEC. 100101. Appropriation to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, out of amounts in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $1,250,000 for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2028, for the purpose of continuing analyses and reporting pursuant to section 604(a)(2) of title 28, United States Code, to examine the state of the dockets of the courts and to prepare and transmit statistical data and reports as to the business of the courts, including an assessment of the number, frequency, and related metrics of judicial orders issuing non-party relief against the Federal Government and their aggregate cost impact on the taxpayers of the United States, as determined by each court when imposing securities for the issuance of preliminary injunctions or temporary restraining orders against the Federal Government pursuant to rule 65(c) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. SEC. 100102. Appropriation to the Federal Judicial Center. (a) Appropriation.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Director of the Federal Judicial Center, out of amounts in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2028, for the purpose described in subsection (b). (b) Use of funds.—The Federal Judicial Center shall use the amounts appropriated under subsection (a) for the continued implementation of programs pursuant to section 620(b)(3) of title 28, United States Code, to stimulate, create, develop, and conduct programs of continuing education and training for personnel of the judicial branch, including training on the absence of constitutional and statutory authority supporting legal claims that seek non-party relief against the Federal Government, and strategic approaches for mitigating the aggregate cost impact of such legal claims on the taxpayers of the United States. subtitle C—Radiation exposure compensation matters SEC. 100201. Extension of fund. Section 3(d) of the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note) is amended— (1) by striking the first sentence and inserting “The Fund shall terminate on December 31, 2028.”; and (2) by striking “the end of that 2-year period” and inserting “such date”. SEC. 100202. Claims relating to atmospheric testing. (a) Leukemia claims relating to trinity test in New Mexico and tests at the Nevada site.—Section 4(a)(1)(A) of the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426; 42 U.S.C. 2210 note) is amended— (