ciliation pursuant to title II of H. Con. Res. 14’ (119th Congress) and ends September 30, 2034,”. (b) Applicability to existing leases.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to a coal lease— (1) issued under section 2 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 201) before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) that has not been terminated. (c) Advance royalties.—With respect to a lease issued under section 2 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 201) for which the lessee has paid advance royalties under section 7(b) of that Act (30 U.S.C. 207(b)), the Secretary of the Interior shall provide to the lessee a credit for the difference between the amount paid by the lessee in advance royalties for the lease before the date of the enactment of this Act and the amount the lessee would have been required to pay if the amendment made by subsection (a) had been made before the lessee paid advance royalties for the lease. SEC. 50203. Leases for known recoverable coal resources. Notwithstanding section 2(a)(3)(A) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 201(a)(3)(A)) and section 202(a) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712(a)), not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall make available for lease known recoverable coal resources of not less than 4,000,000 additional acres on Federal land located in the 48 contiguous States and Alaska subject to the jurisdiction of the Secretary, but which shall not include any Federal land within— (1) a National Monument; (2) a National Recreation Area; (3) a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System; (4) a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System; (5) a component of the National Trails System; (6) a National Conservation Area; (7) a unit of the National Wildlife Refuge System; (8) a unit of the National Fish Hatchery System; or (9) a unit of the National Park System. SEC. 50204. Authorization to mine Federal coal. (a) Authorization.—In order to provide access to coal reserves in adjacent State or private land that without an authorization could not be mined economically, Federal coal reserves located in Federal land subject to a mining plan previously approved by the Secretary of the Interior as of the date of enactment of this Act and adjacent to coal reserves in adjacent State or private land are authorized to be mined. (b) Requirement.—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall, without substantial modification, take such steps as are necessary to authorize the mining of Federal land described in subsection (a). (c) NEPA.—Nothing in this section shall prevent a review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). subtitle C—Lands SEC. 50301. Timber sales and long-term contracting for the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management. (a) Forest Service.— (1) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection: (A) FOREST PLAN.—The term “forest plan” means a land and resource management plan prepared by the Secretary for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (B) NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM.— (i) IN GENERAL.—The term “National Forest System” means land of the National Forest System (as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a))) administered by the Secretary. (ii) EXCLUSIONS.—The term “National Forest System” does not include any forest reserve not created from the public domain. (C) SECRETARY.—The term “Secretary” means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. (2) TIMBER SALES ON PUBLIC DOMAIN FOREST RESERVES.— (A) IN GENERAL.—For each of fiscal years 2026 through 2034, the Secretary shall sell timber annually on National Forest System land in a total quantity that is not less than 250,000,000 board-feet greater than the quantity of board-feet sold in the previous fiscal year. (B) LIMITATION.—The timber sales under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the maximum allowable sale quantity of timber or the projected timber sale quantity under the applicable forest plan in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (3) LONG-TERM CONTRACTING FOR THE FOREST SERVICE.— (A) LONG-TERM CONTRACTING.—For the period of fiscal years 2025 through 2034, the Secretary shall enter into not fewer than 40 long-term timber sale contracts with private persons or other public or private entities under subsection (a) of section 14 of the National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 472a) for the sale of national forest materials (as defined in subsection (e)(1) of that section) in the National Forest System. (B) CONTRACT LENGTH.—The period of a timber sale contract entered into to meet the requirement under subparagraph (A) shall be not less than 20 years, with options for extensio