; or (ii) for which there is insufficient time for the alien to be admitted to the United States through the normal visa process. (c) Initial amount.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this section shall be the greater of— (1) $1,000; or (2) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (d) Annual adjustments for inflation.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (1) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (2) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in paragraph (1) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (e) Disposition of fees collected from aliens granted parole.—All of the fees collected pursuant to this section shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (f) No fee waiver.—Except as provided in subsection (b), fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100005. Special immigrant juvenile fee. (a) In general.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this section, by any alien, parent, or legal guardian of an alien applying for special immigrant juvenile status under section 101(a)(27)(J) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)). (b) Initial amount.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this section shall be the greater of— (1) $250; or (2) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (c) Annual adjustments for inflation.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (1) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (2) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in paragraph (1) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (d) Disposition of special immigrant juvenile fees.—All of the fees collected pursuant to this section shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. SEC. 100006. Temporary protected status fee. Section 244(c)(1)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(c)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) by striking “The Attorney General” and inserting the following: “(i) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General”; (2) in clause (i), as redesignated, by striking “$50” and inserting “$500, subject to the adjustments required under clause (ii)”; and (3) by adding at the end the following: “(ii) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the maximum amount of the fee authorized under clause (i) shall be equal to the sum of— “(I) the maximum amount of the fee authorized under this subparagraph for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and “(II) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subclause (I) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. “(iii) DISPOSITION OF TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS FEES.—All of the fees collected pursuant to this subparagraph shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. “(iv) NO FEE WAIVER.—Fees required to be paid under this subparagraph shall not be waived or reduced.”. SEC. 100007. Visa integrity fee. (a) Visa integrity fee.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this subsection, by any alien issued a nonimmigrant visa at the time of such issuance. (2) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this section shall be the greater of— (A) $250; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (3) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the