ements of this section.”. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.— (A) Section 25(e)(1)(C) is amended by striking “and 25D” and inserting “25D, and 25F”. (B) The table of sections for subpart A of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 25E the following new item:“Sec. 25F. Qualified elementary and secondary education scholarships. ”. (b) Exclusion from gross income for scholarships for qualified elementary or secondary education expenses of eligible students.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 140 the following new section: “SEC. 139K. Scholarships for qualified elementary or secondary education expenses of eligible students. “(a) In general.—In the case of an individual, gross income shall not include any amounts provided to such individual or any dependent of such individual pursuant to a scholarship for qualified elementary or secondary education expenses of an eligible student which is provided by a scholarship granting organization. “(b) Definitions.—In this section, the terms ‘qualified elementary or secondary education expense’, ‘eligible student’, and ‘scholarship granting organization’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 25F(c).”. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item:“Sec. 139K. Scholarships for qualified elementary or secondary education expenses of eligible students. ”. (c) Effective date.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2026. (2) EXCLUSION FROM GROSS INCOME.—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to amounts received after December 31, 2026, in taxable years ending after such date. SEC. 70412. Exclusion for employer payments of student loans. (a) In general.—Section 127(c)(1)(B) is amended by striking “in the case of payments made before January 1, 2026,”. (b) Inflation adjustment.—Section 127 is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e), and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: “(d) Inflation adjustment.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2026, both of the $5,250 amounts in subsection (a)(2) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— “(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by “(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2025’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. “(2) ROUNDING.—If any increase under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $50, such increase shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $50.”. (c) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to payments made after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70413. Additional expenses treated as qualified higher education expenses for purposes of 529 accounts. (a) In general.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 529(c)(7) is amended to read as follows: “(7) TREATMENT OF ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY TUITION.—Any reference in this section to the term ‘qualified higher education expense’ shall include a reference to the following expenses in connection with enrollment or attendance at, or for students enrolled at or attending, an elementary or secondary public, private, or religious school: “(A) Tuition. “(B) Curriculum and curricular materials. “(C) Books or other instructional materials. “(D) Online educational materials. “(E) Tuition for tutoring or educational classes outside of the home, including at a tutoring facility, but only if the tutor or instructor is not related to the student and— “(i) is licensed as a teacher in any State, “(ii) has taught at an eligible educational institution, or “(iii) is a subject matter expert in the relevant subject. “(F) Fees for a nationally standardized norm-referenced achievement test, an advanced placement examination, or any examinations related to college or university admission. “(G) Fees for dual enrollment in an institution of higher education. “(H) Educational therapies for students with disabilities provided by a licensed or accredited practitioner or provider, including occupational, behavioral, physical, and speech-language therapies.”. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to distributions made after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) Increase in limitation.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The last sentence of section 529(e)(3) is amended by striking “$10,000” and inserting “$20,000”. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70414. Certain postsecondary credentialing expenses treated as qualified higher education expenses for purposes of 529 accounts. (a) In general.—Section 529(e)(3) is 