be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (c) Disposition of fees relating to renewal and extension of employment authorization for temporary protected status applicants.—During each fiscal year— (1) 25 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this section— (A) shall be credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; (B) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account established under section 286(m) (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)); and (C) may be retained and expended by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services without further appropriation; and (2) any amounts collected pursuant to this section that are not credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (d) No fee waiver.—Fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100013. Fees relating to applications for adjustment of status. (a) Fee for filing an application to adjust status to that of a lawful permanent resident.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to any other fees authorized by law, the Attorney General shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in paragraph (2), by any alien who files an application with an immigration court to adjust the alien’s status to that of a lawful permanent resident, or whose application to adjust his or her status to that of a lawful permanent resident is adjudicated in immigration court. Such fee shall be paid at the time such application is filed or before such application is adjudicated by the immigration court. (2) AMOUNT SPECIFIED.— (A) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this paragraph shall be the greater of— (i) $1,500; or (ii) such amount as the Attorney General may establish, by rule. (B) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this paragraph shall be equal to the sum of— (i) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (ii) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in clause (i) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (3) DISPOSITION OF ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS APPLICATION FEES.—During each fiscal year— (A) not more than 25 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this subsection— (i) shall be derived by transfer from the Immigration Examinations Fee Account under section 286(n) (8 U.S.C. 1356(n)); and (ii) shall be credited to the Executive Office for Immigration Review to retain and spend without further appropriation; and (B) any amounts not derived by transfer and credited pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (b) Fee for filing application for waiver of grounds of inadmissibility.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to any other fees authorized by law, the Attorney General shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in paragraph (2), by any alien at the time such alien files an application with an immigration court for a waiver of a ground of inadmissibility, or before such application is adjudicated by the immigration court. (2) AMOUNT SPECIFIED.— (A) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this paragraph shall be the greater of— (i) $1,050; or (ii) such amount as the Attorney General may establish, by rule. (B) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this paragraph shall be equal to the sum of— (i) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (ii) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in clause (i) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (3) DISPOSITION OF WAIVER OF GROUND OF ADMISSIBILITY APPLICATION FEES.—During each fiscal year— (A) not more than 25 percent of the fees