 Encumbrance Factor. (iii) The letter “C” means the Annual Adjustment Factor. (iv) The letter “D” means the year in the term of the right-of-way. (3) PAYMENT UNTIL PRODUCTION.—The holder of a right-of-way for a renewable energy project shall pay an acreage rent collected under paragraph (1) until the date on which energy generation begins. (c) Capacity fees.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall, subject to paragraph (3), annually collect a capacity fee from the holder of a right-of-way for a renewable energy project based on the amount described in paragraph (2). (2) CALCULATION OF CAPACITY FEE.—The amount of a capacity fee collected under paragraph (1) shall be equal to the greater of— (A) an amount equal to the acreage rent described in subsection (b); and (B) 3.9 percent of the gross proceeds from the sale of electricity produced by the renewable energy project. (3) MULTIPLE-USE REDUCTION FACTOR.— (A) APPLICATION.—The holder of a right-of-way for a wind energy generation project may request that the Secretary apply a multiple-use reduction factor of 10-percent to the amount of a capacity fee determined under paragraph (2) by submitting to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. (B) APPROVAL.—The Secretary may approve an application submitted under subparagraph (A) only if not less than 25 percent of the land within the area of the right-of-way is authorized for use, occupancy, or development with respect to an activity other than the generation of wind energy for the entirety of the year in which the capacity fee is collected. (C) LATE DETERMINATION.— (i) IN GENERAL.—If the Secretary approves an application under subparagraph (B) for a wind energy generation project after the date on which the holder of the right-of-way for the project begins paying a capacity fee, the Secretary shall apply the multiple-use reduction factor described in subparagraph (A) to the capacity fee for the first year beginning after the date of approval and each year thereafter for the period during which the right-of-way remains in effect. (ii) REFUND.—The Secretary may not refund the holder of a right-of-way for the difference in the amount of a capacity fee paid in a previous year. (d) Late payment fee; termination.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may charge the holder of a right-of-way for a renewable energy project a late payment fee if the Secretary does not receive payment for the acreage rent under subsection (b) or the capacity fee under subsection (c) by the date that is 15 days after the date on which the payment was due. (2) TERMINATION OF RIGHT-OF-WAY.—The Secretary may terminate a right-of-way for a renewable energy project if the Secretary does not receive payment for the acreage rent under subsection (b) or the capacity fee under subsection (c) by the date that is 90 days after the date on which the payment was due. SEC. 50303. Renewable energy revenue sharing. (a) Definitions.—In this section: (1) COUNTY.—The term “county” includes a parish, township, borough, and any other similar, independent unit of local government. (2) COVERED LAND.—The term “covered land” means land that is— (A) public land administered by the Secretary; and (B) not excluded from the development of solar or wind energy under— (i) a land use plan; or (ii) other Federal law. (3) NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM.— (A) IN GENERAL.—The term “National Forest System” means land of the National Forest System (as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a))) administered by the Secretary of Agriculture. (B) EXCLUSION.—The term “National Forest System” does not include any forest reserve not created from the public domain. (4) PUBLIC LAND.—The term “public land” means— (A) public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)); and (B) National Forest System land. (5) RENEWABLE ENERGY PROJECT.—The term “renewable energy project” means a system described in section 2801.9(a)(4) of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), located on covered land that uses wind or solar energy to generate energy. (6) SECRETARY.—The term “Secretary” means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to land controlled or administered by the Secretary of the Interior; and (B) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to National Forest System land. (b) Disposition of revenue.— (1) DISPOSITION OF REVENUES.—Beginning on January 1, 2026, the amounts collected from a renewable energy project as bonus bids, rentals, fees, or other payments under a right-of-way, permit, lease, or other authorization shall— (A) be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury; and (B) without further appropriation or fiscal year limitation, be allocated as follows: (i) 25 percent shall be paid from amounts in the general fund of the Treasury to the 