e 31, United States Code, as most recently increased by section 401(b) of Public Law 118–5 (31 U.S.C. 3101 note), is increased by $5,000,000,000,000. subtitle D—Unemployment SEC. 73001. Ending unemployment payments to jobless millionaires. (a) Prohibition on use of Federal funds.— (1) IN GENERAL.—No Federal funds may be used— (A) to make payments of unemployment compensation benefits under an unemployment compensation program of the United States in a year to an individual whose wages during the individual's base period are equal to or exceed $1,000,000; or (B) for any administrative costs associated with making payments described in subparagraph (A). (2) COMPLIANCE.— (A) SELF-CERTIFICATION.—Any application for unemployment compensation under an unemployment compensation program of the United States shall include a form or procedure for an individual applicant to certify that such individual's wages during the individual's base period do not equal or exceed $1,000,000. (B) VERIFICATION.—Each State agency that is responsible for administering any unemployment compensation program of the United States shall utilize available systems to verify wage eligibility by assessing claimant income to the degree possible. (3) RECOVERY OF OVERPAYMENTS.—Each State agency that is responsible for administering any unemployment compensation program of the United States shall require individuals who have received amounts of unemployment compensation under such a program to which they were not entitled to repay such amounts. (4) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The prohibition under paragraph (1) shall apply to weeks of unemployment beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) Unemployment compensation program of the United States defined.—In this section, the term “unemployment compensation program of the United States” means— (1) unemployment compensation for Federal civilian employees under subchapter I of chapter 85 of title 5, United States Code; (2) unemployment compensation for ex-servicemembers under subchapter II of chapter 85 of title 5, United States Code; (3) extended benefits under the Federal-State Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note); (4) any Federal temporary extension of unemployment compensation; (5) any Federal program that increases the weekly amount of unemployment compensation payable to individuals; and (6) any other Federal program providing for the payment of unemployment compensation, as determined by the Secretary of Labor. TITLE VIII—Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions subtitle A—Exemption of certain assets SEC. 80001. Exemption of certain assets. (a) Exemption of certain assets.—Section 480(f)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv(f)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking “net value of the” and inserting the following: “net value of— “(A) the”; (2) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: “(B) a family farm on which the family resides; “(C) a small business with not more than 100 full-time or full-time equivalent employees (or any part of such a small business) that is owned and controlled by the family; or “(D) a commercial fishing business and related expenses, including fishing vessels and permits owned and controlled by the family.”. (b) Effective date and application.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on July 1, 2026, and shall apply with respect to award year 2026–2027 and each subsequent award year, as determined under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). subtitle B—Loan Limits SEC. 81001. Establishment of loan limits for graduate and professional students and parent borrowers; termination of graduate and professional PLUS loans. Section 455(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by inserting “and Federal Direct PLUS loans” after “loans”; (B) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: “(A) TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY TO MAKE INTEREST SUBSIDIZED LOANS TO GRADUATE AND PROFESSIONAL STUDENTS.—Subject to subparagraph (B), and notwithstanding any provision of this part or part B— “(i) for any period of instruction beginning on or after July 1, 2012, a graduate or professional student shall not be eligible to receive a Federal Direct Stafford loan under this part; and “(ii) for any period of instruction beginning on July 1, 2012, and ending on June 30, 2026, the maximum annual amount of Federal Direct Unsubsidized Stafford loans such a student may borrow in any academic year (as defined in section 481(a)(2)) or its equivalent shall be the maximum annual amount for such student determined under section 428H, plus an amount equal to the amount of Federal Direct Stafford loans the student would have received in the absence of this subparagraph.”; and (C) by adding at the end the following: “(C) TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY TO MAKE FEDERAL DIR