(B) The account is designated (in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe) at the time of the establishment of the account as a Trump account. “(C) The written governing instrument creating the account meets the following requirements: “(i) No contribution will be accepted— “(I) before the date that is 12 months after the date of the enactment of this section, or “(II) in the case of a contribution made in any calendar year before the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18, if such contribution would result in aggregate contributions (other than exempt contributions) for such calendar year in excess of the contribution limit specified in subsection (c)(2)(A). “(ii) Except as provided in subsection (d), no distribution will be allowed before the first day of the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18. “(iii) No part of the account funds will be invested in any asset other than an eligible investment during any period before the first day of the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18. “(2) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL.—The term ‘eligible individual’ means any individual— “(A) who has not attained the age of 18 before the close of the calendar year in which the election under subparagraph (C) is made, “(B) for whom a social security number (within the meaning of section 24(h)(7)) has been issued before the date on which an election under subsection (C) is made, and “(C) for whom— “(i) an election is made under this subparagraph by the Secretary if the Secretary determines (based on information available to the Secretary from tax returns or otherwise) that such individual meets the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) and no prior election has been made for such individual under clause (ii), or “(ii) an election is made under this subparagraph by a person other than the Secretary (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may prescribe) for the establishment of a Trump account if no prior election has been made for such individual under clause (i). “(3) ELIGIBLE INVESTMENT.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘eligible investment’ means any mutual fund or exchange traded fund which— “(i) tracks the returns of a qualified index, “(ii) does not use leverage, “(iii) does not have annual fees and expenses of more than 0.1 percent of the balance of the investment in the fund, and “(iv) meets such other criteria as the Secretary determines appropriate for purposes of this section. “(B) QUALIFIED INDEX.—The term ‘qualified index’ means— “(i) the Standard and Poor's 500 stock market index, or “(ii) any other index— “(I) which is comprised of equity investments in primarily United States companies, and “(II) for which regulated futures contracts (as defined in section 1256(g)(1)) are traded on a qualified board or exchange (as defined in section 1256(g)(7)). Such term shall not include any industry or sector-specific index, but may include an index based on market capitalization. “(4) ACCOUNT BENEFICIARY.—The term ‘account beneficiary’ means the individual on whose behalf the Trump account was established. “(c) Treatment of contributions.— “(1) NO DEDUCTION ALLOWED.—No deduction shall be allowed under section 219 for any contribution which is made before the first day of the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18. “(2) CONTRIBUTION LIMIT.—In the case of any contribution made before the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18— “(A) IN GENERAL.—The aggregate amount of contributions (other than exempt contributions) for such calendar year shall not exceed $5,000. “(B) EXEMPT CONTRIBUTION.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘exempt contribution’ means— “(i) a qualified rollover contribution, “(ii) any qualified general contribution, or “(iii) any contribution provided under section 6434. “(C) COST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT.— “(i) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any taxable year after 2027, the $5,000 amount under subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— “(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by “(II) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2026’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. “(ii) ROUNDING.—If any increase under this subparagraph is not a multiple of $100, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. “(3) TIMING OF CONTRIBUTIONS.—Section 219(f)(3) shall not apply to any contribution made to a Trump account for any taxable year ending before the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18. “(d) Distributions.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, no distribution shall be allowed before the first day of the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18. “(2) TAX TREATMENT OF ALLOWABLE DISTRIBUTIONS.—For purposes of applying section 72 to any amount distributed from a Trump ac